Webnovel LibraryInbox
48.8%
The King's Avatar /  Chapter 611: True Beginning
Chapter 558: Test
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Clove was an honest person. She described everything that had happened between Crispy Bean and Unrivaled Super Hottie without adding in any flourishes. Clover couldn't understand Crispy Bean's feelings, but Senior Exterminate the Heavens immediately grasped the problem.

Even so, there was nothing he could do.

This issue was clearly a matter of face and wasn't something that could be solved through logic. Unrivaled Super Hottie hadn't done anything wrong. Even if he had, what was he supposed to do? Call him over and make him apologize to Crispy Bean?

This was a game. Face was even more important than one's life! At worst, everyone separated. No one wanted to lower their heads to someone else. Even if it wasn't logical, one should still stand up straight and take it. Apologize? For what reason would he need to? Because he was a tank? Face had nothing to do with being a tank.

Senior Exterminate the Heavens thought about it. If he wanted to resolve this problem, he had to figure out a way to get Crispy Bean out of this embarrassing situation. Unrivaled Super Hottie couldn't get him out. It seemed like it was all up to him.

How depressing.... Senior Exterminate the Heavens was also troubled. Unless he was a famous money warrior or was backed by a Club, a normal guild leader didn't have much status in the game. If a conflict came about, the guild leader better get busy! If the guild leader succeeded, then it would be worth it. The worse case scenario would be if the conflict didn't get resolved. The guild leader would have to find outside help, which would really be quite depressing.

Senior Exterminate the Heavens sighed and sent a message to Crispy Bean: "Crispy Bean, we've already played together for so long. You plan on leaving the guild, but you didn't even give us a reason. That's not right! When the other members of the guild ask why Crispy Bean left, what am I supposed to tell them? You're our guild's chief tank."

Senior Exterminate the Heavens pretended he didn't know the reason whatsoever. His words suggested three things. First, he played the emotional card, making Crispy Bean recall his fond memories with the guild. Crispy Bean's reason for leaving was very simple. If he had to reason with Crispy Bean, his only choice would be strike at Unrivaled Super Hottie, but if Unrivaled Super Hottie became dissatisfied with the guild too, the damage would be irreversible. Right now, it was only because he was unhappy with Unrivaled Super Hottie. As long as his feelings didn't intensify, Crispy Bean would certainly feel reluctant if he left his guild and his friends in the guild.

The second thing was to tell Crispy Bean about his own problems. This would give Crispy Bean a way out. Crispy Bean was hesitating, but he could excuse himself by saying it was to help him.

As for the third thing, it pointed out Crispy Bean's status. Senior Exterminate the Heavens completely saw through Crispy Bean's reason, so he emphasized his status to appeal to him.

Senior Exterminate the Heavens was quite skilled. He wasn't an ordinary person. On the surface, he was a normal guild leader, but in reality, he was one of Tyrannical Ambition's core members. He was handling Club matters by expanding their power. In other words, he was on the same level as the tenth server;s Cold Night, an experienced and trusted core member. The only difference was that his relationship with Tyrannical Ambition couldn't be exposed to the public. He could only protect Tyrannical Ambition's interests in secret.

Senior Exterminate the Heavens placed great value on an MT, especially one like Crispy Bean. The core of a team couldn't only have good technical skills. The core had to be reliable. Tanks would usually be trained by the guild and would be treated well. If you just reaped the benefits and then slapped your butt as you left, how sad would that be?

From this point, Crisp Bean being the chief tank was already a form of recognition. Senior Exterminate the Heavens was trying his best to mediate, but if worst came to worst, Crispy Bean would be his first priority.

After Senior Exterminate the Heavens sent his message, Crispy Bean didn't reply for a long time. Senior Exterminate the Heavens had already reminded Clove not to interfere.

Senior Exterminate the Heavens understood Clove's personality. If Clove tried to resolve this situation, she would definitely tell Crispy Bean that he was causing unnecessary trouble. This would clearly push Crispy Bean away from the guild, so he told Clove not to reveal the truth. Senior Exterminate the Heavens immediately told Clove to continue playing, while he dealt with the matter.

Senior Exterminate the Heavens patiently waited for Crispy Bean to reply, but at the same time, he saw Clove asking repeatedly in the guild chat if anyone wanted to go to Bone Abyss, but there was no reply from anyone. Senior Exterminate the Heavens suddenly had a thought and messaged Clove: "I'll go with you guys!"

"Huh? You're going?" Clove was surprised.

"Isn't that Knight really good? I want to see for myself." Senior Exterminate the Heavens said.

"Lower your damage output!" Clove replied.

"Of course." Senior Exterminate the Heavens said before running over to Bone Dragon Abyss.

The nine players in the team waited and waited until the guild leader arrived. The team was naturally very surprised. Even though normal guild leaders weren't celebrities or anything, they still had a higher status than a tank. The team members saw that today. The chief tank came to play with them in such a weak dungeon and now the guild leader personally joined them. They suddenly felt like the guild's future looked very disastrous.

'If everyone's here, shall we begin?" Senior Exterminate the Heavens greeted everyone and then laughed.

"Let's go." Clove instructed. Even though the guild leader had come, she still led the team.

The team entered the dungeon and began fighting. This time, the tank was naturally Unrivaled Super Hottie. Senior Exterminate the Heavens didn't care about the others and paid attention to Unrivaled Super Hottie's skill.

A tank's proficiency could be seen through the tank's ability to pull monsters, but to truly see a tank's skill required the situation to be messy. The messier the situation was, the more a tank's ability to control the field would be displayed.

As a result, Senior Exterminate the Heavens planned on making mistakes from time to time. For example, he would "accidentally" pull too many monsters! And then an "accidental" mistake to cause the monster's aggro to go off the tank! These types of mistakes happened often anyways.

Senior Exterminate the Heavens had an excuse ready for his mistakes.

He hadn't played the dungeon in a long time, so he forgot how many monsters he should be pulling. He pulled the aggro off the tank because his equipment was too amazing. His excuses were fairly reasonable.

With his plan prepared, Senior Exterminate the Heavens immediately put it into action.

"Ah, my bad! I haven't been here in a long time, did they change the dungeon? There didn't use to be so monsters on this side!" Senior Exterminate the Heavens cried as he brought a bunch of monsters with him.

The other team members saw this scene, but he was the guild leader. What could they say? Hurry up and save him!

Unrivaled Super Hottie was the most calm though. He directly ignored the guild leader's three monsters, allowing the monsters to attack the guild leader. All he said was: "Attack those three. Guild leader, hang on."

The implication: you become a tank for now!

It wasn't logical according to common sense, especially because the team only had one Cleric. However, Senior Exterminate the Heavens had good equipment, better than even Crispy Bean. Even though his defense couldn't compare to Crispy Bean's, if his equipment far surpassed the dungeon minimum requirement, then who cared? Damage was more important.

Senior Exterminate the Heaven's health dropped fairly quickly, but the health of the monsters dropped even quicker. In the end, he hung on, while the three monsters all died. Unrivaled Super Hottie had only given them a glance to show his concern.

Senior Exterminate the Heavens was depressed. He was too strong. The monsters he pulled along could be killed with him acting as a tank. If he pulled along any more monsters and even he couldn't deal with them, then Unrivaled Super Hottie wouldn't be able to either.

It seemed like this method wouldn't work. Too few monsters and Unrivaled Super Hottie would have him take the role of a tank. Too many monsters and….. Everyone would die. What was the point then?

If that didn't work, then on to the second method.

Senior Exterminate the Heavens was a Striker, a pure DPS class, so he began attacking like crazy, but despite his efforts, no accident came about!

Why was it so difficult to cause an accident? Senior Exterminate the Heavens persevered and continued to try and cause an accident, but before he could do so, the boss fell. Senior Exterminate the Heavens dominated the damage charts, but no accident occurred.

Senior Exterminate the Heavens didn't need to test anymore though. If no accident occurred, it could only mean one thing. Even under his brainless attacking, the tank was maintaining a stable aggro. This Unrivaled Super Hottie had even better skills than Crispy Bean.

"What do you think? Isn't he pretty good?" After the dungeon ended, Clove messaged Senior Exterminate the Heavens. Unrivaled Super Hottie hadn't made any mistakes in the dungeon run. He had done everything an outstanding tank needed to do.

"Quite impressive!" Senior Exterminate the Heavens nodded his head. This Unrivaled Super Hottie had surpassed his expectations. No wonder Crispy Bean felt pressured. If this person developed, he would certainly take Crispy Bean's position.

Under normal circumstances, he would be extremely happy having such an outstanding player join the guild, but this time, the newly added player had a conflict with the chief tank of his guild. This wasn't an easy situation easy to deal with. Crispy Bean had replied to him during the dungeon run. Senior Exterminate the Heaven's words had failed. Crispy Bean had a deep opinion on Unrivaled Super Hottie. It's either me or him.

Senior Exterminate the Heavens had already made up his mind long ago, but after witnessing Unrivaled Super Hottie's strength, Senior Exterminate the Heavens felt a little hurt to be losing such a talent. From his guild's perspective, this person couldn't be kept, but as a branch of Tyrannical Ambition, it wouldn't be hard to make arrangements for him.

Senior Exterminate the Heavens quickly contacted Tyrannical Ambition's guild leader, Jiang You and told him of this incredible Knight that had just joined the guild. However, because of a conflict with one of his players, he couldn't keep him in the guild, so he wanted to see if Jiang You could bring him over to another guild.

"Something like that happened? I'll make arrangements! What's his name?" Jiang You asked. If Senior Exterminate the Heavens couldn't bear to abandon such a talent, then Jiang You wouldn't either.

"Unrivaled Super Hottie." Senior Exterminate the Heavens replied.

"This name... how arrogant!" Jiang You said.

"It really is arrogant, but he has the skills to back it up. I just dungeoned with him. His control over aggro is incredible. I intentionally tried to cause accidents to see his skill, but I couldn't even do that. My equipment is far better than his too."

"That good? I'll hurry and make arrangements." Jiang You was moved.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 559: Tyrannical Ambition’s Four Branches
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

One could never have too many talents. When Jiang You heard Senior Exterminate the Heavens praise this knight, he also became very interested.

Getting him over reasonably was very easy. All he needed to do was send over an invite with Tyrannical Ambition's name.

Tyrannical Ambition and Exterminate the Heavens were on two completely different levels. A Glory player might not be a fan of the team, but the player definitely wouldn't reject a Club guild's invite, unless the player was the type who didn't want to join a guild. However, if Unrivaled Super Hottie had joined Exterminate the Heavens, he clearly wasn't that type of person. Jiang You was only worried that this person might have some sort of grudge against Team Tyranny. For example, if he were a fan of Excellent Era, then it would be possible that he would refuse an invite to join Tyrannical Ambition.

"What details do you know about him?" Jiang You asked Senior Exterminate the Heavens.

"I don't know. He just joined the guild today. According to him, he hasn't played the game in awhile. Judging from his equipment, it seems to be true." Senior Exterminate the Heavens said.

Jiang You didn't have much else to ask. He was just pondering whether this tank, who Senior Exterminate the Heavens thought highly of, had the qualifications for him to personally go and invite him.

After thinking about it for a bit, Jiang You decided to play it safe. Even though he trusted Senior Exterminate the Heavens, this tank and Senior Exterminate had only played together once. Senior Exterminate certainly didn't dare guarantee this tank's ability. Without knowing exactly how deep this tank's skill went, if he invited him into the guild and he turned out to be sham, he would be laughed at.

As a result, Jiang You found a branch guild leader and had him complete the task. Although it was only a branch guild, it was a guild that Tyrannical Ambition publicly acknowledged and could be considered a part of Tyrannical Ambition. The branch guild's strength couldn't be compared to the official Tyrannical Ambition, but it wasn't bad either. Otherwise, Tyrannical Ambition wouldn't be able to hold onto its image. Publicly acknowledged branch guilds would directly receive help from Tyrannical Ambition, so their resources weren't lacking. For normal players, jumping from a guild like Exterminate the Heavens to a Club's branch guild could be considered a huge success.

In-game affairs were always carried out very quickly. Not long afterwards, Unrivaled Super Hottie received a guild invite.

Seeing a personal invite from one of Tyrannical Ambition's branch guilds, Ye Xiu was quite dumbfounded.

He didn't think things would develop so quickly. He had only just joined Guild Exterminate the Heavens and ran two dungeons. He didn't think that he had made enough of a commotion yet. Who would have thought that he would be deemed good enough already?

Even if he had ran a dungeon with the guild's chief tank and then the guild leader Senior Exterminate the Heavens as well, and received their recognition, Ye Xiu hadn't imagined that he would receive a direct recommendation from Tyrannical Ambition so quickly.

This was truly was difficult for someone to imagine.

If Crispy Bean hadn't made things so difficult by showing his intent to leave the guild, even if Senior Exterminate the Heavens witnessed Unrivaled Super Hottie's skills, he still wouldn't have immediately asked for a recommendation.

Crispy Bean had forced him to make a decision. He didn't want to give up on Crispy Bean, but he also felt like Unrivaled Super Hottie wasn't so simple. In order to not lose either of them, his only choice was to find a different way to get Unrivaled Super Hottie to stay. After all, Senior Exterminate the Heaven's main goal was to help Tyrannical Ambition.

Ye Xiu wasn't some godly immortal. How could he have known about all of this? Even if he had seen how unhappy Crispy Bean was towards him, they had only just gotten to know each other. How could Ye Xiu know Crispy Bean had so much pride and actually threatened the guild leader.

"Is this the basis for the saying gold will always shine?" Ye Xiu said to Chen Guo.

Chen Guo was speechless. Ye Xiu truly could be considered as gold, but she really didn't like how he could called himself gold so calmly. Couldn't you let someone else say those words about you?

"So you're in….." Chen Guo was also surprised. She sighed thinking of how much effort it had taken her to get into Excellent Dynasty. How infuriating!

Chen Guo was still melancholy. Ye Xiu had already begun talking with the inviter. Ye Xiu directly inquired why they wanted him.

This branch player couldn't say that it was because of Jiang You! In the end, he could only say that he had a friend in Exterminate the Heavens who told him of his skill, which was why he hoped to see it for himself.

"Ha ha ha, could I ask who your friend is? He has very good eyes!" Ye Xiu replied.

"Yes, yes." The other side was speechless. Seeing how arrogant this Unrivaled Super Hottie was, he didn't want to chat with him any much longer. Honestly speaking, he didn't like this sort type of personality.

"Since you look speak so highly of me, I can't refuse can I? We have to give each other face! Don't you think so?" Ye Xiu said.

"Yes yes yes....." The other side really wanted to end this conversation.

"How should I do this? Should I leave the guild first? Have you finished arranginged everything on your side?" Ye Xiu asked.

"After leaving a guild, you have to wait five days before you can join another, b. But it doesn't matter. You can come dungeon with us during those five days!" The branch player said.

"So there's something like that. Okay!" Ye Xiu acted like he was reluctant, but then immediately left the guild.

He came and left in a rush. During his time in Guild Exterminate the Heavens, the only thing that he had made an impression of to the guild members was his name. His incredible performance in the dungeon had yet ton't spread yet!

No one really said much about him joining and leaving the guild so suddenly. However, the ones who had interacted with him before immediately noticed.

Crispy Bean was naturally bursting with joy. Even though the guild leader never said anything directly, his intentions had been made clear. Crispy Bean acted like nothing had happened and didn't mention leaving the guild anymore.

As for Senior Exterminate the Heavens? He had received a message from the branch guild saying the transaction had been successful. He was also satisfied.

The only person who wasn't happy was the innocent girl, Clove.

This girl saw the notification of Unrivaled Super Hottie leaving the guild and immediately became somewhat upset. While complaining to Senior Exterminate the Heavens, she went to ask Unrivaled Super Hottie.

'I didn't. I didn't say anything! I'm still thinking about how to resolve this situation!" Senior Exterminate the Heavens pretended like he didn't know what was going on.

"Then why wouldid he leave the guild without saying bye!" Clove asked.

"How should I know? He didn't say bye to me either!" Senior Exterminate the Heavens continued to put on his act.

Clove didn't reply because she had already received a reply from Unrivaled Super Hottie, who told her that someone from Tyrannical Ambition had invited him, so he would be going to their guild.

Clove stared blankly. Had she thought too much? It seemed like he had left on his own accord. She didn't have anything else to say.

"Okay." Clove only replied with one word.

"If an opportunity comes up, we should dungeon together again." Ye Xiu replied. He had a good impression of this girl.

"Sure." Clove replied.

Ye Xiu didn't say anything else. The branch guild had already called him over to dungeon together. There were a lot of Level 70 dungeons. It wasn't possible to run all of them in one day.

The two sides found a place to meet. The branch guild also saw the severity of the situation, when they saw Unrivaled Super Hottie's equipment.

Unrivaled Super Hottie's equipment wasn't any different from before. He had taken the Dragon Guardian Axe in Bone Dragon Abyss, but after running the dungeon, he returned it to Clover and let the team deal with it. In the second run, no Knight equipment dropped, so Ye Xiu hadn't gained anything from there either. Honestly speaking, Ye Xiu looked down on Bone Dragon Abyss's equipment even more than Crispy Bean had.

Even if he got equipment from Bone Dragon Abyss, so what? Would he appear any different in front of others?

Tyrannical Ambition's four branch guilds were much more powerful than Guild Exterminate the Heavens. The set of equipment on Unrivaled Super Hottie was even more shocking to the branch guild than to Exterminate the Heavens.

Tyrannical Ambition's branch guild had directly invited Unrivaled Super Hottie to go into a hundred player group dungeon. They had originally planned on immediately adding Unrivaled Super Hottie to the group to see how he would deal with an extremely difficult dungeon, b. But now from the looks of it, with his equipment, he didn't even seem close to being qualified to entering the dungeon with them.

Before adding Unrivaled Super Hottie to the group, everyone was whispering to each other, when they heard Unrivaled Super Hottie laugh out loud: "Wow, so many people are here to welcome me? You're all too nice! To tell you all the truth, I haven't officially joined the guild yet, so all of you should prepare another welcome party five days from now!"

Everyone was speechless. How could a guy with such a set of equipment act so arrogantly? It seems like his name wasn't just for show!

"Uh, everyone is here to run a dungeon. We just happened to only have 99 players and have an open spot. Are you interested in joining?" The person speaking was their group leader, Happy Sheep, a Cleric. He was one of the core members of Tyrannical Ambition's branch guild. He had been the one to invite Unrivaled Super Hottie over. The branch guild leader hadn't gone to personally invite him either with the same reasoning as Jiang You. hHe didn't want to personally invite over a faulty product.

Knowing this, under the guild leader's instructions, Happy Sheep was ordered to pull him over to a dungeon and check his skill. As a result, Happy Sheep directly arranged a hundred player group and planned on bringing Unrivaled Super Hottie along, b. But after seeing his equipment, his equipment wasn't good enough for the dungeon. At this moment, the team chat was in a heated debate.

"A hundred player group? It can't get better than that! Which dungeon?" Ye Xiu asked.

"Our group is planning on running the Tomb in the Sky." Happy Sheep answered.

"Tomb in the Sky? That sounds familiar. Wait one second, I'm going to check a guide!" Ye Xiu said.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 560: One Hundred Player Dungeon Team
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

The one hundred player dungeon was undoubtedly the largest scale dungeon type in the game. Naturally, the dungeon’s difficulty would be higher than smaller scale dungeons. There was even a difference in difficulty between hundred player dungeons. For example, Tomb in the Sky, the dungeon Happy Sheep’s group was planning on running, could only be considered moderate when with other one hundred player dungeons. Although it wasn’t too difficult, Happy Sheep’s group had yet to complete it. They were still figuring out how to take down the dungeon. 

Equipment from one hundred player dungeons weren’t common because the dungeons could only be run a limited number of times. Compared to smaller dungeons, which could be run three times a day, each person could only enter a one hundred player dungeon once per week. In addition, most couldn’t clear the dungeon until the end. This was because within the dungeon, players only had one life and couldn’t be revived by priests. Within a hundred player team, there’s one less person every time a player died. So more and more players would be taken out gradually until there wasn’t enough manpower. Naturally by then, it would be impossible to clear the dungeon. 

However, the rewards for clearing a hundred player dungeon were given out differently than other dungeons, which only gave rewards for finishing the run. The rewards were based on the player’s progress, so even if the whole team wiped out and failed to clear the dungeon, the team could still obtain rewards according to their progress percentage.

This was why many ads to recruit people into their groups included their progress through the dungeon. As long as the player joining wasn’t a first timer in the Heavenly Domain, prospective players would have a good idea of the group’s strength.

For example, Happy Sheep’s team had reached 88% completion for Tomb in the Sky. This percent was good enough to be boastful about for more than 95% of the players in the Heavenly Domain. Even though Happy Sheep was only investigating a moderately difficult one hundred player dungeon, his group’s strength could already be considered amazing. For guilds on a similar level as Guild Exterminate the Heavens, their teams had only just taken the first step at tackling level 70 hundred player dungeons. 

As for guildless wild players, forming a random one hundred player team was like buying the lottery. They would run through as much as they could! However, random groups taking down hundred player dungeons might only be possible if the group of players were Level 70 and the dungeon was Level 60…...

As a result, Happy Sheep’s prideful team instantly boiled with anger when faced with a guy who immediately went to check a walkthrough after hearing the dungeon’s name. 

“Reading a guide? What does he think this is? A five-man dungeon from the newbie village?” Someone typed furiously in the group chat. If one hundred player dungeons could be cleared by simply reading a walkthrough, then it wouldn’t be so hard. Being able to fight a hundred player dungeon could be counted as a skill. It couldn’t be learnt by reading walkthroughs once. It required hours and hours of practice.These people were able to clear 88% of Tomb in the Sky because they had gone through nine weeks of repetition and hardship. They were only able to exchange their final grade after their skills matured and their equipment improved. Yet this guy just lightly wrote he was going to check a guide. It felt as though he were looking down on hundred player dungeons and felt quite offensive to listen to.

“He’s probably never run a hundred player dungeon before has he? How could a tank like this be any good?” Some people spoke their doubts, blindly shooting off their mouths. In a normal player’s eyes, those who believed that hundred player dungeons could be cleared by reading a simple walkthough were noobs who had never fought in a hundred player dungeon and didn’t know the difference between heaven and earth.

Happy Sheep wasn’t too happy either, but even though he was leading the team, he wasn’t a guild leader level core member. The matter had been reported to Jiang You by Senior Exterminate the Heavens. Then, Jiang You left the task to the branch guild leader, who gave the task to him. Unrivaled Super Hottie’s origin had been lost during this process, so Happy Sheep didn’t really know what responsibility he should take. The guild leader gave him an order and he had just accepted it out of convenience. After hearing Unrivaled Super Hottie say “I’m going to check a guid”, he suddenly felt like this person was overestimating himself.

Guild Exterminate the Heavens? Those who came from such a guild could only be so skilled. Happy Sheep thought, but because he had accepted the task from the guild leader, he couldn’t not do it. Thus, he could only patiently wait for him to look over his guide. At the same time, he looked at the chat to see the others laughing at him. He didn’t intend on stopping them.

The guide for this hundred player dungeon would take a very long time to carefully read. Happy Sheep decided to start the pre-dungeon meeting. The meeting would discuss their mistakes in the previous run and what could be fixed, but not long after starting the meeting, Unrivaled Super Hottie’s voice drifted over: “Okay, I’m done reading. When do we start?”

Happy Sheep checked the clock. It had only been ten minutes. He immediately became furious again. Hundred player dungeons were complicated. First of all, the dungeon itself was complex. Secondly, because the team consisted of a hundred players, the class composition was very complicated. Not a single walkthrough covered everything because all of them used teams with different classes. Because of this, many people compared several guides before considering them as a guide, making the guides even more complicated. So ten minutes? He probably didn’t even get to the first boss, did he?

Happy Sheep didn’t say anything, when the team chat erupted.

“How long have you been looking at a guide? Ten minutes? That’s one minute for each boss!”

“Does he think this is a normal small scale dungeon?”

In normal small scale dungeons, the difficulty was mostly concentrated on the boss, so the important parts for these types of dungeons were the bosses. However, in hundred player dungeons, the mobs were all at a level similar to smaller scale dungeon bosses. When looking at a guide, the player couldn’t only look at the bosses. Unrivaled Super Hottie said he had finished the guide in ten minutes, making many suspicious. Everyone looked down on him again and saw him as being too much of a noob.

“Whatever. Let’s not talk about it anymore. I’ll add him to the team and he can just leech off of us. He’ll understand once we go in.” Happy Sheep said.

“Why not let him be the main tank and see what he says?” Someone suggested.

Everyone laughed out loud. Speaking of this, if hundred player dungeon runs weren’t so limited and precious, they would have certainly agreed so they could laugh at him.

“Don’t joke around. We can let him be a tank when we run a different dungeon.” Someone else refuted.

“He’s just leeching anyways. It’s not like it matters whether he’s there or not!”

“It’ll be more efficient with me!”

Someone suddenly interrupted. Everyone turned. Sweat, it was Unrivaled Super Hottie. This guy had actually joined the chat. They had been chatting too fiercely and didn’t even notice the notification of him joining.

“Cough, what? Brother, you want to be the main tank?” Someone followed up.

“Main tank? I looked at a guide. I might need someone to lend me their equipment for the fourth, fifth, ninth, and final boss.” Ye Xiu said.

Sure enough, this guy had only looked at the bosses!

This guy wasn’t here to cheat them of their equipment, was he?

……

No one knew what to think, but Unrivaled Super Hottie had already joined the team and they felt too ashamed to say anything to his face. This situation was a bit different than when Unrivaled Super Hottie joined Guild Exterminate the Heavens. After all, Ye Xiu had gone to join Guild Exterminate the Heavens himself. He hadn’t needed to show his skill beforehand, which was why Crispy Bean immediately doubted his skill. In his current situation, Tyrannical Ambition had roped him over. Even if everyone doubted his skill, they could talk behind his back, but if they said it to his face, it would make Happy Sheep, who brought him over, feel embarrassed. They might be doubtful of Unrivaled Super Hottie, but at least, they had to give their team leader face.

“How about you be the main tank for now? When we get to the fourth and fifth tank, we can switch?” Someone said half-jokingly.

“Okay, but I don’t really remember much about this dungeon, so I don’t think I would be able to lead very well.” Ye Xiu said.

Everyone cried. He had only just looked at the guide and he wants to lead them? 

Happy Sheep couldn’t bear it anymore: “I’ll lead! Are you sure you’re okay with being a tank?”

“I’ll have trouble with the fourth, fifth, ninth, and final boss.” Ye  Xiu repeated.

“Okay okay. I understand. Then let’s start and see what happens?” Happy Sheep said.

“Sure.” Ye Xiu said and then went into the dungeon.

“He thought I was serious! He actually thought I was serious!!” Someone spoke in the chat again. This person remembered that besides the team chat, he could speak in the guild chat, which Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t have access to.

“He’s already entered the dungeon!”

“As the tank, he’s going to start pulling monsters. Shouldn’t we hurry up and go in?” Another person sneered.

“What are you guys talking about?” The other guild members were curious.

“A God has come to our guild!” Someone inadvertently said the truth.

“Oh?”

“Yeah, an exceptional God!” The truth continued.

“Who?”

“Unrivaled Super Hottie! Do you see that name!” Someone said.

“How arrogant? How is he a god?” A curious person asked.

“It’s hard to say in a single sentence…….”

“Okay, stop chattering. Let’s go in.” Happy Sheep hastily said. He didn’t think that his team would go to the guild chat to continue this chat. This this……. Wasn’t this equivalent to slapping the guild leader’s face? This guy was the person the guild leader had told him to bring over to the guild, yet his team was laughing at him. 

Sure enough, the branch guild leader saw the chat and messaged  Happy Sheep privately: “What’s up with this person?”  

Happy Sheep explained what had happened to let the guild leader know that his team wasn’t trying to slap his face, but that this person really didn’t seem like any sort of expert.  

“Then let him be the main tank and see what happens.” The branch guild leader instructed.

“Fighting in Tomb in the Sky with that equipment?” Happy Sheep felt a scared just saying it. 

“What equipment does he have?” The branch guild leader clearly didn’t know the details.

Happy Sheep explained. The branch guild leader furrowed his brows and then said after a short pause: “He should be able to fight against the mob monsters, right? Let's have him fight with the mob monsters first…..”

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 561: I Forgot
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

"Is he actually going to tank for us?"

The players in Happy Sheep's team entered the dungeon one after the other. Happy Sheep received a message from the true tank in the team. This tank was clearly a kind person. He didn't want Unrivaled Super Hottie to make a fool of himself and also thought about the safety of everyone else.

"Yeah, we'll see how it goes first, but be on the lookout. As soon as he slips up falter, hurry and take over." Happy Sheep said.

"Okay!" The original tank of the team, Seven Blossom Leaves, listened to Happy Sheep's orders. He didn't show any unwillingness to do so and didn't say anything more after agreeing.

Happy Sheep was also very satisfied. Seven Blossom Leaves was truly a good person. He wasn't like a lot of other tanks, who would curse at the healer for no reason when the team got wiped. As for Seven Blossom Leaves? Whenever the team wiped out, the first thing he would say was: "My mistake..." Then, he would analyze what he had done wrong.

He had just given him the task of keeping watch on Unrivaled Super Hottie. He could already foresee that if an accident happened, Seven Blossom Leaves would say he had made the mistake. A good person like Seven Blossom Leaves would probably act like this, even for someone as arrogant as Unrivaled Super Hottie.

Thinking of this, Happy Sheep was deeply moved. He decided that if an accident actually occurred, he definitely wouldn't let Seven Blossom Leaves make himself the scapegoat. It would be okay for our own guild's brothers, but for someone like Unrivaled Super Hottie? He can go kill himself. Why should someone as kind as Seven Blossom Leaves shoulder the blame?

Happy Sheep had been thinking the entire time. When he looked around, he saw that no one was around him anymore. Everyone had already entered the dungeon. He hastily ran into the teleport formation of the hundred player dungeon: Tomb in the Sky.

As the name implied, the dungeon Tomb in the Sky was a tomb in the sky. There were a total of nine minibosses, guarding nine magic-powered engines. After defeating the nine minibosses and destroying the nine engines, the Tomb in the Sky would lose its ability to fly and fall down to earth. At this moment, the Tomb in the Sky's final guardian would appear and was also the dungeon's final boss. If this final guardian was defeated, they would clear the dungeon. This dungeon's hidden boss was the dark soul that resided within the tomb.

Whether or not the hidden boss appeared in the hundred player dungeon depended on luck, just like all of the other smaller dungeons in Glory. The only difference was that in this hundred player dungeon, the hidden boss could be fought after finishing the dungeon and didn't have to be fought immediately. It wasn't like normal dungeons, where the boss could suddenly jump out of nowhere. After all, rewards in the hundred player dungeon depended on progress made in the dungeon. If a hidden boss suddenly jumped out and killed everyone, it would be too depressing for the players. If the hidden boss was successfully killed, there would be an additional 20% progress reward, even if the dungeon had already been cleared.

When Happy Sheep's team entered the Tomb in the Sky, everyone checked if there was a hidden boss or not. Happy Sheep was the last to enter, but he had already seen from the chat that no there would be no hidden boss for this run.

Even though there was no hidden boss, there would be another point of interest in this dungeon run. Currently, Unrivaled Super Hottie was in the front with his sword and shield up, but there was no one around him. All of the other players stayed back, maintaining a good distance from him as if he were the plague. Happy Sheep thought it was funny, but at this moment, Seven Blossom Leaves walked out from the group and stood next to Unrivaled Super Hottie's side.

"You be the main tank. I'll be the off tank. If you can't hold on, call for me. There's no need to force yourself." Seven Blossom Leaves kindly advised.

"Oh? We only have an off tank? There's no third or fourth tank?" Ye Xiu asked.

The third and fourth tank were the original off tank and third tank. Now that Unrivaled Super Hottie had become the main tank and Seven Blossom Leaves took the position of off tank, the other two naturally fell to the third and fourth tank. Unfortunately, the original fourth tank now became the fifth tank... However, the Tomb in the Sky didn't need five tanks! What a tragedy!

The original off tank and third tank, or the current third and fourth tank, clearly weren't as kind as Seven Blossom Leaves. With Unrivaled Super Hottie calling them out and seeing Seven Blossom Leaves look around for them, the two finally stepped forward unwillingly.

"Everyone step it up! Let's try harder!" Ye Xiu cheered.

"..." Everyone wanted to point their middle fingers at him, but resisted.

"Are the Clerics ready?" Ye Xiu asked again.

"..." No one uttered a word. Luckily, one of the Clerics was Happy Sheep. As the team leader, he had the responsibility of upholding the team atmosphere. At this moment, he stood out and replied, "Ready!" The other Clerics felt embarrassed to not say anything now and also shouted out.

"DPSers..."

"Yes yes yes, we're ready!"

This time, Ye Xiu had only spoken a single word, when the DPSers impatiently interrupted him. This guy kept on warning them endlessly. Did he think he was a God or something?

"I was just going to say DPSers, don't be too hasty." Ye Xiu grinned.

"..." The DPSers fell silent.

"Then I'm going to pull some monsters over?" Ye Xiu asked.

Go kill yourself! Everyone shouted in their minds. The Clerics wanted to pretend they disconnected, while those who weren't Clerics wanted to tie up the Clerics.

Unfortunately, these weren't options. The team leader Happy Sheep said, "Pull!" Unrivaled Super Hottie rushed forward. In everyone's eyes, his posture was disgustingly ugly.

"He's going to die immediately." Someone quietly whispered.

"Yes." It wasn't convenient for them to say these things in chat, but they could still talk to each other in private. If this Unrivaled Super Hottie only looked at the bosses in the guides, then he would neglect many difficult problems in the dungeon. For example, when entering the tomb... However, no one wanted to remind him. Everyone wanted to watch him suffer!

"Be careful, there's a trap at the entrance!" Someone shouted. This voice wasn't unfamiliar to them. It was the original main tank, Seven Blossom Leaves.

"Sigh..." Everyone sighed. Seven Blossom Leaves was truly too kind.

"Yi?" Ye Xiu replied.

"Ha ha ha, look at him. It looks like he got a cramp. Did he get sick?" All they heard was a "Yi?" Then, Unrivaled Super Hottie suddenly started shaking. Some of the players immediately began ridiculing him. However, as soon as they spoke, they saw a cold light suddenly jump out from the side of Unrivaled Super Hottie. A spike had shot out of the ground!

Cheng cheng cheng cheng!

Spike after spike pierced the earth and shot out of the ground, all from beneath Unrivaled Super Hottie's feet. However, not a single one hit him because Unrivaled Super Hottie kept on shaking. It made everyone feel nauseous, but he just happened to dodge every spikes every time.

"Is he dodging them?"

Everyone was astonished. They were clearly seeing it, but they had a hard time believing it. His movements were too minute and quick to see.

Living through this spike trap wasn't uncommon. The trap had been completely figured out with the bodies of countless players. All of the players in Happy Sheep's team knew how to walk through the trap without triggering it. However, getting through the trap in this way was something they had never seen before.

"Oh, there's a trap here. Right, I totally forgot." Everyone heard Unrivaled Super Hottie mumble to himself. Then, he turned around and shouted to everyone: "There's a trap here! Everyone, be careful!"

F*ck, who needs you to tell us!! They once again resisted sending him a middle finger.

"Incredible. You actually dodged all of them." At this moment, Seven Blossom Leaves had already reached Unrivaled Super Hottie's side.

"You flatter me! You're not bad either!" Ye Xiu said.

"You can get past the traps without triggering them. If you forget, then just follow me!" Seven Blossom Leaves walked to the front.

Seven Blossom Leaves, can you not be so kind! Everyone cried. However, they had second thoughts. Someone as arrogant as Unrivaled Super Hottie might say in an arrogant tone: "No need. I can get past the traps even if I step on all of them!"

But in reality, they heard him say: "Really? You can do that? Then let me see how you do it." Unrivaled Super Hottie followed behind Seven Blossom Leaves, leaving everyone speechless.

As a result, besides the few spikes that Unrivaled Super Hottie triggered in the beginning, none of the other traps were set off. They took the safe route and passed by safely.

"Is everyone through?" They heard Unrivaled Super Hottie asked them with a concerned tone.

"We're all through." Only a small number of players replied.

Unrivaled Super Hottie didn't seem to mind. After passing through the traps, he spun around twice: "Two paths? Hm? One second, let me check the guide."

"Okay okay. You don't need to look at it. Take the left path." Happy Sheep said helplessly.

"Okay." Unrivaled Super Hottie headed the left.

"You..." Happy Sheep only said one word before something happened. The others were elated, but one person still spoke out: "Careful!"

The moment the warning came out, two stone statues on the left path suddenly began moving.

The stone swords didn't have any light reflecting off of them. As they tore through the air, they headed straight for Unrivaled Super Hottie.

"Woah!" Unrivaled Super Hottie yelled and immediately rolled.

"F*CK!!" This brilliant dodge made Happy Sheep shout in anger. Because he was the team leader, he had been patient with Unrivaled Super Hottie, but at this moment, he was about to start cursing. The reason was because he was the team leader! For someone who kept on making mistakes, he would always curse at them relentlessly.

Unrivaled Super Hottie rolled forward. Even though he dodged the two swords, he rolled into range of another two statues. His one move lured in four statues!

The smaller creeps in hundred player dungeons were all at the same level as normal small dungeon bosses.

For some stronger teams, defeating four statues at the same time was possible, but for Happy Sheep's team, which seeked safety, they only had high confidence in pulling one statue. After getting familiar with the dungeon, they gradually began pulling two statues. From time to time, there would even be scary moments, but this time, this guy with his ridiculous name actually pulled four statues at once?!

What did he think they were? Tyrannical Ambition's main team?

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 562: Gather Around the Tank
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

It looked like he was underestimating this hundred player dungeon. No one was happy. Pulling four statues at once should have meant that he thought very highly of the team, but they still weren’t happy. That’s why being a tank was difficult.

The four statues were the same class, Blade Masters. They were a bit different from playable blademasters though. They used stone swords, not light sabers, and didn’t posses sword aura. They attacked with plain and simple swordplay. Compared to playable Blade Masters, their attacks had lower range. Playable Blade Masters had a variety of skills, such as Sword Draw or attacked by using their sword aura, allowing them to attack farther than their weapon’s physical capabilities. However, these four stone statues didn’t have these types of methods.

Four statues had been pulled. After Happy Sheep cursed, he immediately raised his voice. He was truly afraid Unrivaled Super Hottie would roll forward once again and pull another two stone statues. Defeating six stone statues at once was a feat that no one had ever pulled off before. Happy Sheep had no intentions on attempting to do so.

Luckily, Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t roll forward again. After another two statues slashed at him, he jumped backwards and dodged another two slashes. However, the first two stone statues had already begun hacking at him again.

A white glow surrounded Unrivaled Super Hottie as if he carried a small Cosmos. He had instantly activated Knight’s Spirit. 

He took a step, lifted his shield with his left hand, and swung his sword with his right hand. Under the effects of Knight’s Spirit, this attack was called Heroic Charge!

Unrivaled Super Hottie moved faster than the stone statue and his sword struck the stone statue’s waist.

The stone statue fell, and Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t waste any time.

The Heroic Charge under Knight’s Spirit couldn’t stop!

Bang!

The second stone statue was also sent flying and smashed into the first stone statue.

As for the third and fourth stone statue? They hadn’t been in Heroic Charge’s path. Even so, after two bangs, the third and fourth stone statue were also sent flying.

Everyone was stunned, especially the Knights on the team. 

“Was that an…… Arc Charge?” The third tank said to the fourth tank after a moment of hesitation.

“It looked like it……” The fourth tank didn’t dare to believe his eyes.

“It must have been.” Seven Blossom Leaves confirmed. He had seen it clearly. If it hadn’t been an Arc Charge, let alone the third and fourth stone statue, even the second stone statue wouldn’t have been sent flying.

The third and fourth tank had no words left to say.

Arc Charge meant the charge hadn’t been pathed in a straight line and travelled along a curved path instead. Moving in a curved path wasn’t difficult, but the hard part was actually getting the result one wanted and hitting the intended target. 

Unrivaled Super Hottie’s Arc Charge had actually knocked away four targets that hadn’t been on a straight line. This required incredible precision, calculation, and control. Only an experienced Knight could understand the difficulty of this maneuver.

At this moment, the four stone statues had been sent smashing into one another.

Unrivaled Super Hottie flew up. With a Heroic Leap, he swung his sword downwards at one of the four stone statues. However, the damage was passed through each statue and into the next. The Heroic Leap under Knight’s Spirit also had another name, Fair Heroic Leap.   

The original Heroic Leap dealt large amounts of damage to a single target, while the remaining targets would receive damage from the shockwave. However, Fair Heroic Leap would deal the same amount of damage to every target. The damage dealt depended on the defense of the target that had been hit by the leap. The others would receive the same amount of damage as well.

Unrivaled Super Hottie’s attack did the same amount of damage to each of the four statues. The grouped up statues couldn’t stand up for a moment.

“Attack!!” Ye Xiu shouted. 

The others saw him fighting the four stone statues alone and were somewhat dazed. When they heard him shout, they finally woke up.   

Some attacked, while others hesitated.

Four stone statues? How were they going to win? 

The Clerics felt awkward raising their staffs because they didn’t have anything to do for now. When Unrivaled Super Hottie fought the four stone statues, he hadn’t received any damage.

“Everyone, forward!” Seven Blossom Leaves suddenly shouted to the third and fourth tank, while advancing.

“Heroic Charge!” Ye Xiu yelled.

“Understood!” Seven Blossom Leaves seemed like he already knew as he charged forward with a white aura surrounding his character.  

Even though he didn’t have the ability to knock down all four statues with a single Arc Charge, the four statues were all in the same spot, so he only needed to charge straight forward.    

The first smashed into the second, the second smashed into the third. The third smashed into the fourth. The charge didn’t lose momentum either because this was also a Heroic Charge. 

Bang…...

It sounded like there were echoes.

The four stone statues were sent flying to the side by Seven Blossom Leaves, knocking them back into their original stone platforms.

Seven Blossom Leaves had done the charge quite quickly. He leaped into the air and crashed down with a Heroic Leap. The four stone statues had just recovered and steadied themselves, but were immediately slammed back into the ground once more.

The attacks from the DPS classes had already surged forth. The stone platform instantly turned into an eye-dazzling scene. The space was too narrow. Many of the close ranged classes couldn’t get near and could only stay back.

“I’ll send you one!” Someone shouted. One of the stone statues unexpectedly rushed out. Unrivaled Super Hottie was in front, running in an ugly manner. He was waving his sword around in a shameful way, provoking the stone statue. 

“This time, you don’t need to learn from me.” Ye Xiu didn’t forget to tell Seven Blossom Leaves.

“I know.” Seven Blossom Leaves laughed, “Third tank!”

The third tank, the former off tank, heard Seven Blossom Leaves’ shout and got ready to take over from him out of habit.

When he saw Seven Blossom’s Leaves’ actions, he immediately understood what to do.

He activated Knight’s Spirit, Heroic Charge, and then Fair Heroic Leap.

The three stone statues were powerless to fight back. They only had enough time to do something, when they were sent flying by another Knight.

The last one had been pulled by Unrivaled Super Hottie over to the close ranged classes that couldn’t squeeze into the space.

The Clerics were also on this side. Unrivaled Super Hottie hadn’t taken any damage when fighting against the four stone statues. Now that he had pulled one over, that stone statue began doing damage to the other players. It was as if Unrivaled Super Hottie was giving the Clerics work to do.

“Control the field well! Throw a Shururu!” Seven Blossom Leaves directed the battle.

The Witches didn’t dare delay for the true tank in their hearts and immediately threw their Doll Shururus.

“Fourth tank!” When the situation couldn’t be controlled any further, Seven Blossom Leaves called out.

The fourth tank had been prepared. He activated Knight’s Spirit before using Heroic Charge and Fair Heroic Leap.

The original arrangement ended at this moment. The four Knights couldn’t make this an endless loop. Heroic Charge and Heroic Leap didn’t have too long of a cooldown, but Knight’s Spirit wasn’t a shared skill that those under Level 20 could use. It had a very long cooldown…...

However, the team had five tanks.

The fifth tank raised his sword and shield in preparation.

However, another Knight wasn’t enough to make it an endless cycle. The cycle would still fall here, but seeing the health values of the stone statues, the experienced players had already come to a conclusion.

Even though the stone statues were as strong as normal dungeon bosses, the number of players here wasn’t five or ten players. With so many players attacking, they did much more damage than what five or ten players could ever do.

As long as they controlled the battle and attacked freely, they would kill these stone statues at the same speed as killing mobs in normal dungeons.

The fifth tank finally acted.

When he completed his set of skills, complete control over the three stone statues ended. Without Knight’s Spirit, the effects from Charge and Heroic Leap were different. The two skills wouldn’t be able to knock down all three stone statues.

The three stone statues were almost dead though, so it looked like they could still persevere.

Seven Blossom Leaves suddenly felt his head hurt! Because they had completely controlled these stone statues’ movements, they hadn’t kept track of the aggro. After their control over the statues ended, who would they attack?

No one knew.

Confusion over aggro usually resulted in a team wipe out…...

“Everyone spread out!!” Seeing that the three stone statues were still alive, Seven Blossom Leaves immediately ordered and then shouted.

This wasn’t a regular shout, but a skill: Roar!

All three stone statues were within Roar’s range, so all of their attacks were now directed at him.

Seven Blossom Leaves raised his shield to defend against the three incoming sword strikes. Under the heavy blows, Seven Blossom Leaves stumbled and his health dropped to half. With the three stone statues aggroed onto him, if he took another attack from all three, he would die!  

At this moment, there was another shout.

The third tank had used Roar too.

Seven Blossom Leaves let out a sigh of relief, but soon discovered that the small amount of time he had rescued wasn’t being used by the DPSers, who were in a frenzy.  

“HURRY UP AND ATTACK!!” Seven Blossom Leaves roared. He knew the DPSers hadn’t yet reacted. With his shout, the three stone statues rushed forward and lifted their swords. 

They couldn’t waste any time! Seven Blossom Leaves was worried. After shouting, the DPSers woke up and immediately began attacking the stone statues heading towards the third tank.

The third tank blocked the attacks and his health dropped as disastrously as Seven Blossom Leave’s.

The fourth tank was ready too. He stood a certain distance away and then roared. The three stone statues immediately switched targets. This time, the DPSers didn’t need any reminders and hastily chased after the statues.

The fifth tank was eager to try as well. He chose a spot just on the edge of Roar’s range to force the stone statues to run a bit more and win more time.

His time to shine quickly came. The fifth tank immediately Roared, but Seven Blossom Leaves shouted in response: “Not good!”

“What’s not good?” The fifth tank stared blankly. Weren’t the three stone statues coming towards him? He had stood in a good spot.

“Behind you!” Everyone shouted. 

The fifth tank turned around. Sh*t. He had forgotten about the fourth stone statue! With his roar, not only had he pulled the three stone statues, but the fourth one as well. The combined attacks of four statues…… The fifth tank’s face went pale. He knew his own stats. His equipment wasn’t as good as the previous three tank's’ equipment. He definitely wouldn’t be able to take all four hits.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 563: Bro, Slow Down
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Right when the four stone statues were about to attack the fifth tank, they suddenly turned around and charged towards a different target: the self-proclaimed tank Unrivaled Super Hottie.

In this instant, no one had time to refute his self-proclamation. Everyone knew what was important at this moment.

“Hurry up and attack!” Their accepted tank Seven Blossom Leaves and their team leader Happy Sheep shouted at the same time.

The DPSers didn’t dare to be slow. At this crucial moment, they didn’t care about whether or not their attacks would cause the aggro to go out of control or waste mana. They just fired whatever damaging skills they possessed.

The path lit up with the bright effects from all of the different types of skills. The four statues enshrouded in light could clearly be seen. The stone statues had high resistance, so many of the crowd control skills had no effect on them. It didn’t matter though. They just needed to get rid of their last slivers of health.

Bang!

Finally, a stone statue crumbled and fell to the ground with a loud rumble. Soon afterwards, the second and third also followed. All that remained were bits of stone that no different in size from pebbles on the road. 

Only the fourth stone statue was left!

Because the damage output hadn’t been equally spread amongst the statues, the rate at which their health dropped differed. This fourth stone statue still had quite a bit of health left and was still rushing towards Unrivaled Super Hottie.

However, the crisis had been averted. A single stone statue wasn’t anything difficult to deal with. Unrivaled Super Hottie had defended against a stone statue before, so there weren’t any problems. Seven Blossom Leaves had originally planned on using a Provoke to get the stone statue to attack him instead, but he realized it wasn’t necessary. Thus, he decided not to use Provoke and went forward to provide assistance.

Then, he saw a huge storm of skills fly out, engulfing the fourth stone statue and Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

Seven Blossom Leaves was startled.

Even though Unrivaled Super Hottie wouldn’t take damage, this type of attack affected the tank’s view and decision making. The tank would usually dodge the attacks anyways. However, seeing how the battle was at its end, there was no point in fussing over trivial matters, so Seven Blossom Leaves decided not to say anything.

The kind Seven Blossom Leaves couldn’t have known that this wave of attacks represented the team’s resentment! The attacks wouldn’t kill Unrivaled Super Hottie, but it would still feel good to see the attacks land on him, no?

Bang!

Another rumble and bits of stone flew out from the light. The bits of stone landed on the ground and crumbled into dust. As the light faded away, the fourth stone statue was already missing its head. It rocked sideways and then crashed to the ground.  

Everyone let out a sigh of relief.

When the other three stone statues had fallen, the crisis had passed, but they could only relax after the entire battle had concluded.

After taking a deep breath, they turned towards Unrivaled Super Hottie and glared at him.  

Of course, only the people in real life could glare. In game, it just looked like everyone had turned towards Unrivaled Super Hottie. It was also quite a spectacular sight.

“Comrades, good work.” Unrivaled Super Hottie turned to look at everyone and waved his hands. 

“F*CK!” Everyone shouted.

“Let’s keep going!” Unrivaled Super Hottie pointed his sword forward and ran out.   

Happy Sheep watched him run forward. Everyone was already beginning to turn towards him. If he didn’t say anything, the others would lose respect for him. He immediately chased after Unrivaled Super Hottie and shouted: “Bro, wait one second.”   

“Hm? Are you talking to me?” Unrivaled Super Hottie turned to look, but his feet didn’t stop moving.

“Yes, yes. I’m talking to you. Hold on for one second.” Happy Sheep yelled.

“Oh?” Unrivaled Super Hottie stopped. He saw the others weren’t moving either. Their gazes were all on him.

“Did you make a mistake? Were we not supposed to take the left path?” Unrivaled Super Hottie asked.

“No.” Happy Sheep hastily replied, “It’s like this. Bro, slow down. Let’s not pull four stone statues at once. The pressure is a bit too much.”

“Didn’t it go smoothly?” Unrivaled Super Hottie asked.

Happy Sheep was suddenly stumped. From the results, there didn’t appear to be any danger. However, the battle made their hearts jump in fear the entire way through. If they didn’t achieve the ideal crowd control effects, the four stone statues would attack the Knights and the Clerics would have too much pressure on them. For tanks, if they had milk, they were gods. If they didn’t have milk, they were melons. If the tanks turned into melons, the entire team would turn into a melon farm. Anyone could be plucked away at a moment’s notice. This was why when four stone statues had been pulled, Happy Sheep felt like the risk was too big. No, this was what the entire team felt.

“This. If someone makes a small mistake and the statues aren’t controlled well, wouldn’t it be disastrous?” Happy Sheep reasoned.

“There’s me!” Unrivaled Super Hottie said.

It’s because of you that there’s so much trouble! Happy Sheep cried in his mind. At this moment, other players interrupted: “You? Can you control all the statues by yourself?”

“With me setting up the foundation, everything becomes quite easy.” Unrivaled Super Hottie said.

Those who weren’t skilled enough couldn’t grasp the meaning behind his words. Seven Blossom Leaves immediately understood though and asked: “You have confidence in using Arc Charge to gather monsters?”

“A piece of cake.” Unrivaled Super Hottie said.

Everyone hissed as a sign of displeasure. Only Seven Blossom Leaves honestly said: “Respect.”

“If you just practice a bit, you can get it down too.” Unrivaled Super Hottie encouraged Seven Blossom Leaves. The hissing noise increased in volume. Seven Blossom Leaves was such a good person! His popularity within the team didn’t need to be mentioned. He was one of those guys who, even if you found him disagreeable, you couldn’t hate him. When they heard Unrivaled Super Hottie act like he was giving advice, quite a few felt angry in place of Seven Blossom Leaves. Right when they were about to speak up for Seven Blossom Leaves, they heard him speak first: “I can’t. I’ve practiced for a long time. I still can’t get it.”

“Hm…… there’s nothing I can do then. It doesn’t require intense mechanical skill. It depends entirely on experience and awareness and is executed by relying on intuition. If you need to make calculations beforehand, then you won’t be able to act on time.” Unrivaled Super Hottie explained.

“Yes, yes. It’s exactly so.” Seven Blossom Leaves agreed.

Seeing how Seven Blossom Leaves had a why-couldn’t-we-have-met-earlier look, they could only stare blankly. Happy Sheep wanted Unrivaled Super Hottie to follow their usual strategy. Then, they saw their guild’s accepted tank, Seven Blossom Leaves, move farther away. After a short moment, he brought back four stone statues…...

“F*CK!” Everyone cursed, but in the blink of an eye, the two Knights brought the stone statues to them.

“These four stone statues seem like Battle Mages. They’re different from the previous Blade Masters. This is the troublesome part about using Arc Charge because you must be able to make adjustments according to the target. Actually, the current situation is fairly simple. If our opponents were targets with completely different stats, then using Arc Charge may make it impossible to hit every target. For circumstances like these, if you decide to use Arc Charge, make sure you don’t leave any openings. If there’s an opening and you meet an expert, your opponent will attack and interrupt you right in the middle of it.” The others could hear Unrivaled Super Hottie chattering non-stop.

“Right right right, you’re right.” Seven Blossom Leaves felt moved.

The others were speechless. What could they say? The monsters had been pulled already, they had to attack! Then, they suddenly heard Unrivaled Super Hottie shout: “Not good!”

“What’s wrong?” Seven Blossom Leaves asked. 

“I forgot to look at my cooldowns! Knight’s Spirit isn’t up yet!” Unrivaled Super Hottie yelled.  

“Uh oh!!” Seven Blossom Leaves immediately understood the severity of the problem. Without Knight’s Spirit, they would just be using normal Charges. Only Heroic Charge would be able to achieve the desired effect. The entire team heard this and felt like crying. F*ck, was the team going to wipe out?

“A crisis has come, comrades!” Unrivaled Super Hottie shouted.

“It’s all your fault!!!” Everyone replied together. 

“It’s my mistake. I forgot to wait for my cooldowns to come up.” Seven Blossom Leaves began to take the blame for him. 

“Everyone pull one!” Unrivaled Super Hottie said to the Knights.

“Our healing won’t be able to keep up!” Happy Sheep panicked.

“We only need it for a short while!”    

“The aggro will shift off the tank easily like that……” Happy Sheep was depressed! Usually, the Clerics would take care of one tank together. This didn’t mean all the Clerics were necessary to protect the tank. This was done in order to control the aggro. Against a boss with high attack, if one or two Clerics rapidly healed the tank, the Cleric might establish enough aggro for the enemy to chain to them.

To put it simply, it was like if a DPSer attacked an enemy with the same strength as a boss. With such a high damage output, it would be strange if the aggro didn’t shift from the tank to the DPSer.

Even though there were differences in aggro for healing and damage, the theory was the same. Boss’ did a lot of damage with their attacks. If the healing class healed all of that damage, the aggro would naturally accumulate, but with many Clerics, the healing and aggro would be distributed among all of them. If a single Cleric had to take responsibility for the healing, let alone being able to heal all of that damage, the aggro would pulled off the tank. With the healer dead, the tank would turn into a melon and the rest of the team would also turn into melons too…… This was a team.

“Don’t be afraid. You just have to hang on for a bit. My cooldowns are almost up! When pulling the monsters, pay attention to their positions. Try to make it easier for me to charge at them.” Unrivaled Super Hottie shouted.

“How about you not go forward?” Happy Sheep saw Unrivaled Super Hottie was about to pull one and immediately called out to him.

“What?”

“Your equipment. If you get hit… the aggro will go off you immediately.” Happy Sheep explained.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 564: Hold It Steady!
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

In the previous wave, Unrivaled Super Hottie had pulled one of the stone statues away for the melee classes, who couldn't squeeze in, to attack. At that time, several Clerics surrounded Unrivaled Super Hottie waiting to act, so they had a good idea of how much damage Unrivaled Super Hottie would take from an enemy attack. This was why Happy Sheep was worried.

Many of the players rolled their eyes when they saw Unrivaled Super Hottie's attitude, but the Knights had already engaged with the stone statues in battle and several rounds passed in the blink of an eye. For Seven Blossom Leaves and the other tanks, the Clerics supporting them were busy healing. As for Unrivaled Super Hottie, the Clerics that Happy Sheep arranged to support him had their staffs raised, staring blankly at each other.

Why? Because there was nothing to do! The other Knights lost health rapidly while fighting against the stone statues, but Unrivaled Super Hottie hadn't even taken a single hit yet.

This scene made everyone rub their eyes. The DPSers hadn't moved yet. They were still waiting for the Knights to establish enough aggro. However, this allowed them see the distinct contrast between the Knights. Seven Blossom Leaves and the other Knights constantly had a white glow around them; their Clerics were very busy. Unrivaled Super Hottie didn't have any glows around him; the surrounding Clerics could set up a table and start playing mahjong if they wanted to.

"This….. this…...:"

Everyone was speechless. They couldn't find any words to describe the scene in front of them. What should they do? If he keeps fighting like that, did he even need them? Couldn't he just kill it by himself?

Everyone was still in awe, when they suddenly heard a thump. Unrivaled Super Hottie had been hit by the stone statue's spear. Seeing this attack hit the target, everyone unexpectedly let out a sigh of relief. If he actually kept on dodging and didn't get hit by the stone statue, then he shouldn't even be playing in the game.

The Clerics around Unrivaled Super Hottie scrambled to begin healing. Even though it had only been one hit, Unrivaled Super Hottie truly had lackluster equipment. A single hit from a hundred player dungeon monster hurt quite a bit, but with three Clerics, Unrivaled Super Hottie's health quickly rose back to a safe level.

In addition, Unrivaled Super Hottie didn't get hit by the follow-up attack. The next attack was dodged by him. His character was constantly moving; there was never a moment where he stood still. Everyone could see clearly now. Unrivaled Super Hottie's fighting strategy wasn't the normal strategy of a Knight. He treated the battle like a PvP match and was trying hard to make the enemy attacks ineffective.

This type of strategy relieved the need for the Clerics' help. Using three Clerics to support Unrivaled Super Hottie was clearly excessive. The three had gotten into overhealing situations several times. Overhealing meant the amount they healed was greater than the health their target lost, which wasted mana and established needless aggro, so it wasn't good.

The DPSers on Unrivaled Super Hottie's side were very depressed too because with Unrivaled Super Hottie constantly moving around, the stone statue wouldn't be staying still either. The melee DPSers had to constantly move around and the long-ranged DPSers had to constantly predict where the statue's next move would be.

In any case, it was still easy dealing with the stone statue. No accidents came about, but this strategy relied on the player's skill.

Because it depended on a player's skill to work, it meant it had higher risk. As soon as the player made a mistake and the Clerics had to rapidly heal, the aggro might go off the tank. So even though the Clerics didn't have much to do, they were still very focused.

The rest weren't sure what to think of the situation.

They were obviously afraid that Unrivaled Super Hottie would make a mistake because a single mistake might get the Clerics killed. If the Clerics died, then the run would be over. They could kill off small monsters, but it would be difficult to beat any of the bosses.

But if this guy didn't make any mistakes, then it meant that this guy had some serious skill. Most of them didn't have that type of skill, so the guy that they had been looking down upon, suddenly became far greater than them. This wasn't a good feeling.

To put it simply, it was a birds of a feather flock together issue.

The weak ones would be looked down upon. The strong ones would be pushed out. Only those at a similar skill level could coexist harmoniously.

The weak ones could be laughed at, but strong ones would leave a sour feeling when being excluded.

Most people hoped that others would be weaker than them, never stronger.

Thus, most of the players in Happy Sheep's team hoped to see Unrivaled Super Hottie fail. However, their hopes never came true. Nothing dangerous had happened yet for Unrivaled Super Hottie, but the fourth tank had gotten into a crisis.

"We can't heal enough! We can't heal enough!!" The Clerics supporting the fourth tank shouted.

With these knights' skill, even if they couldn't hang on forever, they shouldn't have fallen into a crisis so quickly. However, the fourth tank had been distracted by Unrivaled Super Hottie and didn't block an attack properly with his shield. The spear struck his body. The drop in health exceeded the Clerics' expectations. Seeing the fierce incoming attacks, the Clerics immediately felt pressured and hastily called for help.

The fifth tank heard the call and went over. The team had a total of five tanks including Unrivaled Super Hottie. At this moment, the fifth tank didn't have any monster to pull. He originally thought he would need to help Unrivaled Super Hottie, but who would have thought the fourth tank would need it first.

"Pay attention to that side! What are you doing staring at me the whole time?" Ye Xiu spoke. He had three Clerics on him, but they weren't very busy. In order to prevent overhealing, the three took turns healing. When the fourth tank encountered a crisis, the three were distracted and Ye Xiu had to remind them.

The three Clerics woke up and immediately went to help the fourth tank. This didn't take them long because they stood in a position where they could cover the entire field and specifically cover the tanks.

The fourth tank's situation quickly turned around. As for Unrivaled Super Hottie? Nothing happened to him.

Glory had all types of statistics, including healing. Some of the players opened up the healing charts to take a look. The amount of healing Unrivaled Super Hottie had received was actually a bit lower than the other three tanks.

Unrivaled Super Hottie had way inferior equipment to the other three. The amount of damage that he received per attack was much greater than the what the other tanks would take. The amount of healing he received was less than the other tanks too, which meant that Unrivaled Super Hottie had taken way fewer hits. His continuous dodging was very effective, but was used to make up for by his lackluster equipment.

This situation couldn't last until the stone statues died though. The knights were gradually losing health. If not, why would they be scared of pulling four stone statues at once?

The main purpose was to wait until Unrivaled Super Hottie's Knight's Spirit came back up. Then, he could use Heroic Charge to gather the monsters. They could kill off the monsters this way.

However, Unrivaled Super Hottie was using Arc Charge. The problem was exactly what Unrivaled Super Hottie had told Seven Blossom Leaves. Their dungeon run depended entirely on this extremely difficult maneuver. The ones who understood this were very nervous.

How much longer until Knight's Spirit came off cooldown? This data was available to everyone, so some of the players remembered it. Ye Xiu wasn't the only one counting down.

"It should be soon….." Many of the players quietly thought to themselves. Suddenly, they heard a voice: "Pay attention to your position! Pay attention to your position! My Knight's Spirit is almost off cooldown."

Seven Blossom Leaves saw Unrivaled Super Hottie's position and immediately pulled his stone statue over to a good spot. The other Knights originally didn't think much of Unrivaled Super Hottie, but seeing how he was doing the exact same thing as them with lesser equipment made it so that although they might not like Unrivaled Super Hottie, they couldn't look down on him either.

Especially when they saw Seven Blossom Leaves act so sincerely towards Unrivaled Super Hottie, there was nothing they could say. After all, Seven Blossom Leaves was accepted by them. If they accepted him and he accepted Unrivaled Super Hottie, what else could they say? It was true that Seven Blossom Leaves was a good person, but even a good person shouldn't respect such an ignorant idiot right?

As a result, the third and fourth tank saw Seven Blossom Leaves follow Unrivaled Super Hottie's instructions and even though they didn't want to, they did so anyways.

"Good good good! That's perfect. Don't move." Seeing the three move, Unrivaled Super Hottie shouted.

Seven Blossom Leaves was trying to improve. When he heard Unrivaled Super Hottie's approval, he felt puzzled: "Isn't it a bit off?"

"You guys are good enough. I'm going to go for it!!" Unrivaled Super Hottie yelled and then took over for the other three.

The four knights were all in different spots, but their stone statues were all in a straight line. Unrivaled Super Hottie activated Knight's Spirit and yelled, "I'm coming!"

In the end, he didn't need to use Arc Charge. He just charged forward in a straight line. Bang bang bang bang! The four stone statues were hit by Heroic Charge and their situation became the same as the previous four Blade Master statues.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 565: A Tank That Makes Others Embarrassed
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

This time, the DPSers were prepared. As soon as the four stone statues slammed into the walls and started swaying back and forth, the DPSers attacked.

They didn’t need to worry about dealing too much damage and shifting the aggro off the tanks. The purpose of the strategy being employed wasn’t to control their aggro, but rather the field. By chaining their attacks appropriately, the targets would be unable to fight back. Under this type of situation, who cared about aggro? It wasn’t important at all.

After a Just Heroic Leap, Unrivaled Super Hottie pulled a stone statue out. Behind him, Seven Blossom Leaves and the other Knights had their Knight’s Spirit coming off cooldown soon. The tanks lined up, ready to use a Heroic Charge and Just Heroic Leap. The timing wasn’t difficult to grasp. They simply needed to attack when their Knight’s Spirit came off cooldown.

The same scenario repeated itself. Moreover, compared to their first time, everyone knew what to expect. Their execution may not have been completely perfect, but it turned out even better than the previous time.

Unrivaled Super Hottie? At this moment, he was soloing another stone statue. Another bunch of Clerics waited upon him. They didn’t know the first time, but now they knew that Unrivaled Super Hottie could make up for his lacking equipment with pure skill alone, so the Clerics weren’t nervous anymore. They might not have been nervous anymore, but it turned out Unrivaled Super Hottie wasn’t nervous anymore either. Compared to before, he wasn’t dodging like before and just stood there attacking.

Because of his lackluster equipment, the Clerics became nervous again. The Clerics wanted to smash their heads into the wall, but everyone understood Unrivaled Super Hottie’s incredible skill already, so they didn’t dare be negligent. They knew that his previous way of fighting must have been very exhausting. He only needed to dodge at crucial moments. There was no need to waste energy when it wasn’t necessary.

With the Clerics supporting him, Unrivaled Super Hottie wasn’t in any danger just standing there. The other Knights and DPSers grew more accustomed to the strategy and their overall damage output increased. These four statues crumbled faster than the previous four statues. Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t need to rescue everyone with a Roar this time. 

The four stone statues crumbled and everyone let out another sigh of relief. This time, the team leader Happy Sheep was in a very different mood than before. After killing these four statues, his impression of Unrivaled Super Hottie became much more favorable.

This was because when Unrivaled Super Hottie went to gather the monsters, he didn’t use an Arc Charge. Instead, he set it up so that the four statues lined up and then simply charged straight at them.

Unrivaled Super Hottie hadn’t chosen to show off his skill. He chose to coordinate with everyone and executed a safer and simpler method. Happy Sheep appreciated his decision.

A team leader had to consider things from the team’s perspective, not just their own. Team leaders hated people who wanted to be heroes. Unrivaled Super Hottie could have chosen to show off and be a hero, but he chose to use a simpler method instead. Many players wouldn’t have noticed. 

Moreover, after fighting this way, Happy Sheep realized that Unrivaled Super Hottie had helped them create a new strategy. This strategy didn’t rely on him either. Lining the monsters up in a straight line and using a Heroic Charge directly at them was something any Knight could do. This type of strategy was very practical.   

In the next waves of stone statues, the other Knights became the ones gathering the monsters.   

There were a total of 24 stone statues. Every four had the same class, so the players liked to group them together. The six classes that the six groups of stone statues had were randomly determined at the start of each run.

After the initial moment of fear, Happy Sheep’s team smoothly cleared through two groups with a not-so-difficult strategy too. For the next four groups, Seven Blossom Leaves, the third, fourth, and fifth tank each took turns gathering the stone statues together. All of them successfully completed their task.

As the groups of stone statues fell one after the other, everyone gradually realized that Unrivaled Super Hottie wasn’t so simple after all. Whenever Unrivaled Super Hottie said anything again, no one would boo at him. Those who wanted to boo at him could only quietly boo in their heads, because everyone recognized his strength.

After passing through the stone statues and another trap, they finally reached the first boss.

If they touched the gear, the boss would immediately appear to stop them. The player who touched the gear would be designated as the boss’s aggro target. In the Tomb in the Sky, it was extremely easy to set up the nine boss' aggro. The main tank just had to touch the gear and the aggro placed on him would be incredibly high. Simply put, after touching the gear, the main tank would have enough aggro on him for the DPSers to begin attacking. 

The Tomb in the Sky clearly wasn’t a difficult dungeon in terms of controlling aggro. The difficulty of the dungeon lay with the mobs, so for normal players, this was a dungeon that ate up equipment. As their equipment became better, this dungeon wouldn’t be too difficult anymore, which was why the Tomb in the Sky was only considered a medium difficulty dungeon.

It was because this dungeon consumed equipment that everyone had initially looked down on Unrivaled Super Hottie’s lackluster equipment.

At this moment, Unrivaled Super Hottie stood in front of the gear as the main tank, waiting for everyone to finish resting. Even though everyone recognized his skill, some of the players still raised their doubts.

“You’re going to tank it?” Someone asked.

“Of course.”

“Will you be okay?”

“If I’m not okay, someone else can take my place!” Unrivaled Super Hottie lightly said.

Everyone crashed to the ground. Such a happy response made it difficult for them to find a reason not to let him be the main tank.

“Go ahead!” Happy Sheep spoke as the team leader. He also wanted to see just how skilled Unrivaled Super Hottie was by testing his skill with this boss.

Since the team leader had spoken, no one said anything more. After taking a rest, Happy Sheep told him to start the boss fight. Unrivaled Super Hottie touched the first gear.

The first boss appeared and attacked Unrivaled Super Hottie with a powerful strike.

Every player knew the might of the first boss’s first strike, but in front of Unrivaled Super Hottie, the attack had no effect.

Because he dodged it!

As long as one could dodge the attack, the attack would naturally be ineffective. 

The boss moved much faster than the stone statues. The players nervously watched. In the blink of an eye, several exchanges passed. During this time, the Clerics raised their crosses and then put them down; raised their crosses and then put them down. In the end, none of them cast any spells.

Unrivaled Super Hottie still hadn’t been hit a single time yet.

It was the same as against the stone statues. When he started the fight, he would be focused and dodge for a good while, but this boss had fiercer and quicker attacks. Even so, Unrivaled Super Hottie was still able to dodge several attacks. This wasn’t just an issue of concentration, but it also meant that his hand speed had reached a certain level.

The Clerics still had to be wary because they knew if Unrivaled Super Hottie were to be hit by an attack, they would need to heal him immediately. With his equipment, there wouldn’t be much time for a breather. As a result, even though they seemed to be having an easy time, they were incomparably nervous. Their crosses repeatedly moved up and down. They didn’t dare to relax for a moment.

“Attack!” Suddenly, everyone heard someone shout out. Only then did they realize that Unrivaled Super Hottie was telling them to begin attacking the boss. Everyone had been watching so intently that they had forgotten again.

The DPSers rushed forward to attack and the Clerics finally started getting busy. 

The boss’ attacks wouldn’t only be single target attacks. There would also be AoE attacks. Unrivaled Super Hottie might dodge them, but it didn’t mean that the other DPSers would be able to.

Everyone had originally been accustomed to this, but today, something unprecedented happened.

The Clerics hadn’t healed the main tank before they had to heal the others.

As a result, on the healing charts, the DPSers took the top spots for most healing done on them, while the main tank sunk to the bottom. It made everyone feel very ashamed.

“This really is…” The players in the team didn’t know what to say.

The Clerics who saw the healing charts were also speechless. Because of Unrivaled Super Hottie’s performance, the amount of work to be done decreased. After all, healing the tank was their priority. For the DPSers with light wounds, they could just heal them when they had time.

Because of this, the amount of healing they did was incomprehensibly low. If others looked at it, they would definitely think that the Clerics were slacking, but in reality, it wasn’t that they refused to heal, but that they didn’t have any chances to do so!

What a conflict! This dungeon made them feel very awkward!

“Pay attention!” Happy Sheep was afraid they would relax and reminded the Clerics.

Finally!

Unrivaled Super Hottie had finally been hit by an attack. Everyone cried tears of joy! The Clerics swarmed around and healed him. They truly weren’t used to not healing the tank in a boss fight.

Unrivaled Super Hottie’s concentration began to wane and he got hit by more and more attacks. However, he was still dodging most of them, so he still didn’t put too much pressure on the Clerics.

Even against the boss, his skill could make up for his lackluster equipment.

However, unlike against the stone statues, there wasn’t any time to relax. The boss required his full concentration and ability the entire time. Was he going to be able to last for the entire boss fight?

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 566: I Won’t Let You Test Your Luck
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

When the first boss fell, their question was finally answered. Unrivaled Super Hottie had actually tanked the first boss by relying on skill alone to dodge attacks and reduce the damage that he received.

His name didn’t stand out in the various statistics, but the participating players all recognized his skill by now. With Unrivaled Super Hottie’s equipment, it was already incredible to be in the average group of players.

Moreover, for him to be able to keep dodging for the entirety of the boss fight meant that he still had energy to spare. It wasn’t his limit.

The players in Happy Sheep’s team stood around in small clusters, whispering amongst each other about Unrivaled Super Hottie. Everyone even forgot to care about what the first boss dropped.

Unrivaled Super Hottie was as calm as ever though. After beating the boss, he smashed the gear and turned to face everyone: “Continue?”

“Continue…” Happy Sheep replied. He had quietly picked up the boss drops and showed it to everyone in the team chat, but no one seemed to care. At least three people could use the equipment dropped, but none of them had replied to his message.

On their way to the second boss, no one held anymore doubts about Unrivaled Super Hottie. Right now, they only had one thought on their minds: If he can play the role of main tank in a dungeon like Tomb in the Sky with his current equipment, what would happen if we gave him better equipment? What would he be like then? Would we be able to completely clear Tomb in the Sky?

This was the embodiment of why the tank was the core of a team. With just an upgrade for one player, the entire team could reach a completely different level. As a result, every team prioritized training the tank. The faster the tank became stronger, the faster the team would grow.

Happy Sheep’s team didn’t need to train a tank. A powerful tank directly dropped into their laps. His equipment currently limited his strength, but once he upgraded his equipment, the impact such a tank would provide to the team was unimaginable!

Their path to the next boss verified their thoughts. Even though Happy Sheep still led the team, their strategy would always change a little because of Unrivaled Super Hottie’s performance. The change would initially frighten everyone, similar to their first time fighting the four stone statues, but after getting used to it, their fights became easier and more efficient.

Second boss.

Third boss.

These two boss fights were virtually the same as the first boss. Unrivaled Super Hottie continued to make up for his lacking equipment with his skill. After defeating the three bosses, everyone looked at the time. They finally realized why Unrivaled Super Hottie said “It’ll be more efficient with me.” The time they had used to beat these three bosses was much faster than their previous runs.

After clearing away the mobs, they finally reached the fourth gear.

“How about it? Will anyone lend me some equipment to use?” Unrivaled Super Hottie asked after clearing away the mobs.

Everyone was a bit startled. Shortly afterwards, they recalled that Unrivaled Super Hottie had said that he would need to borrow better equipment for a few of the bosses. 

“Did he say that for the fourth boss?”

“I think so?”

“He did. I remember what he said. Besides the fourth boss, he also said the final boss.”   

“Not just those. There’s more. Didn’t he also mention the fifth boss? I remember him talking about two bosses in a row?”    

Everyone muttered to one another. Because they looked down on Unrivaled Super Hottie at that time, they hadn’t paid too much attention to his words. Quite a bit of time had passed and they had long since forgotten his words.

“I’ll lend you my equipment!” Seven Blossom Leaves happily stepped forward. All of his equipment belonged to him. They weren’t borrowed from the guild storage, so it could be traded. Guilds would always invest in their tanks to win them over.   

Seeing how Seven Blossom Leaves was once again being a kind person, the players with a good relationship with him were somewhat nervous. After all, borrowing equipment wasn’t a trivial matter. How long had they known Unrivaled Super Hottie? Besides his shameless name and extraordinary skill, they knew nothing else about him. What if he was a scammer? What if he used this type of method to cheat equipment from others?

Many players came to this conclusion. When they thought again more carefully, Unrivaled Super Hottie had only been with them for three bosses. If he cheated them of an entire set of equipment, it would be a low risk, high return plan. Even though they had never heard about this type of scamming strategy, why couldn’t it be the first of its kind?

They couldn’t say this in public, so they privately messaged Seven Blossom Leaves urging him not to trust in this stranger.

But Seven Blossom Leaves objected.

“With his skill, why would he need to scam me for equipment?” Seven Blossom Leaves argued.

“That’s the type of thinking he wants you to have!” His friends warned.

Seven Blossom Leaves stubbornly clung to his belief. His friends continued to warn him, but he had already completed his trade with Unrivaled Super Hottie.

“I’ll give you my equipment for you to use!” Unrivaled Super Hottie handed over his lackluster equipment to Seven Blossom Leaves.

“Okay!” Seven Blossom Leaves took the equipment. In the blink of an eye, Seven Blossom Leaves and Unrivaled Super Hottie looked as if they had traded places.

The doubtful players had their hearts leap into their throats. The trade had already been completed. If he was a scammer, he would directly leave the team to without wasting any time.

But Unrivaled Super Hottie went forward and touched the gear.

Fourth boss, start!

Why did Unrivaled Super Hottie suddenly need better equipment for the fourth boss? No one questioned this issue because, after seeing how he handled the previous bosses, they knew why he wouldn’t be able to for this fourth boss.

The fourth boss was a summoner. The summoned spirits were its faithful servants and prioritized their master’s safety over their own lives. To put it into gaming terminology, these summoned spirits had the same target as their boss. Whoever the boss had aggro on would be whoever these spirits had aggro on.

As a result, the main tank would be surrounded by many monsters at a time.

If Unrivaled Super Hottie continued to use his low-grade equipment, he would instantly fall.   

Because these summoned spirits didn’t have their own aggro stat, no matter how fiercely they were attacked, they would still only attack the boss’s target. Thus, in order to pull them apart, only Provoke, Roar, or similar type skills would work.

After using these skills and pulling them away, they would hurry and attack.

This section of the dungeon required a lot of work from every member of the team. The knights had to have fast reaction times. If they were too slow and the summoned spirits attacked too many times before acting, the tank would die. The DPSers had to have fierce firepower. This required a certain level of equipment. When the summoned spirits came out, they needed to immediately send out a heavy barrage. After all, the Knight’s monster-pulling skill would only last a few seconds. In these few seconds, the summoned spirits needed to die.

For such a high requirement fighting method, Unrivaled Super Hottie’s original equipment wouldn’t have been good enough. Everyone would need to play perfectly in order to ensure that he did not die. As soon as the summoned spirits came out, they would need to pull them immediately. When the skill effect ended, the summoned spirits needed to be dead. Otherwise, a few scratches would hit Unrivaled Super Hottie and he would be dead.

But with Seven Blossom Leave’s equipment, there was more room for error. When they pulled the spirits away, they could be a bit slower because he could hang on for awhile longer. Even if not all of the spirits died after the effects ended, he would be able to tank a few hits.

After understanding this point, the players in Happy Sheep’s team felt a bit embarrassed. They felt like the reason Unrivaled Super Hottie needed better equipment to survive wasn’t because of him, but because he didn’t think they would be able to play perfectly…

Even though they understood this, there was nothing they could say because a perfect fight was too difficult. Everyone knew what to do in theory, but actually doing it was an entirely different matter. In the past, when their team didn’t have good enough equipment, they relied on luck for this part. Every time the spirits came out, whether or not they would succeed depended on luck.

As their equipment became better, the tank could survive longer and their damage output increased. This part no longer became a big problem.

But Unrivaled Super Hottie’s originally equipment would be a challenge of luck. Switching equipment was done for their sake!

But they could just switch out the tank! If Seven Blossom Leaves tanked, they would pass all the same. Seven Blossom Leaves lending his equipment to Unrivaled Super Hottie made the more pessimistic players worry. Only when the boss came out did they finally relax.

After wearing Seven Blossom Leave’s equipment, Unrivaled Super Hottie immediately became more carefree. He no longer dodged around as much. He just held his shield up and smashed violently at the fourth boss.

A shriek! After accumulating enough damage, the boss would summon the first wave.

“You guys don’t need me to tell you what to do right?” Unrivaled Super Hottie asked.

“No need!” Seven Blossom Leaves replied.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 567: Aquatic Battle? I Know About It
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Seven Blossom Leaves didn’t have any complaints about being the secondary tank. He lent his equipment and eagerly cooperated. The kind Seven Blossom Leaves had come across someone whom he truly admired. The others couldn’t watch any longer.  

A quick Provoke. The summoned spirits didn’t even have time to attack Unrivaled Super Hottie, when one of them had been pulled away. The third, fourth, and fifth tanks didn’t dare to be slow. Even though Unrivaled Super Hottie had Seven Blossom Leaves’ equipment, his equipment wasn’t so great that he could just ignore the mob attacks and sit there. Others still needed to help him.

The Knights pulled the mobs to one side, while the DPSers attacked madly. The Clerics carefully watched the health of these few Knights.

Usually, Seven Blossom Leaves was the main tank. They hadn’t come across any problems with this strategy. It wasn’t any different with Unrivaled Super Hottie. However, because Unrivaled Super Hottie had borrowed someone else’s equipment, everyone had one thought: if Unrivaled Super Hottie had his original low-grade equipment, they wouldn’t have been able to pass.

The answer was somewhat embarrassing because it seemed to be true. 

First of all, the coordination between the Knights wasn’t very good. Seven Blossom Leaves had reacted quickly, but the others were one step slower. Two of the Knights had already messed up and allowed the monsters hit Unrivaled Super Hottie.

They had a clear understanding of their roles though, as none of them Provoked the same monster.

In addition, the DPSers’ attacks were all over the place. Everyone just attacked whatever was close to them. There wasn’t any sort of coordination between them. The Knights were partly to blame. They pulled the summoned spirits away, but they didn’t pull them to a suitable place for the DPSers to attack. Some of the melee DPSers just barely reached their targets, when Provoke’s duration ended…

When Provoke’s duration ended, the monsters would immediately head back to attack Unrivaled Super Hottie.

The Knights hastily Roared one after the other. Their order was quite clear though. None of them overlapped with each other.

Unrivaled Super Hottie watched the events unfold and commented: “How messy.”

Everyone felt ashamed!

This had originally been the place they had previously been stuck on, but after their equipment became better, they could fluster their way through it, so their coordination hadn’t changed. The only thing that improved was their understanding of the order and division of labor the Knights had. When the summoned spirits came out, everyone would be busy. The DPSers attacked freely. In any case, they could beat the boss, so why did they need to be so careful?

Everyone felt their honor disappear when they heard the expert comment “How messy.”  

But they didn’t have any problems beating the boss. It might have been messy, but there weren’t any casualties in clearing away the first wave of monsters. However, their hypotheses had been proved: if Unrivaled Super Hottie hadn’t switched equipment, he definitely would have died.

Besides saying “How messy”, Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t say much else. The players wanted to be less messy, but when the spirits were summoned once more, they returned to their chaotic fighting. After hearing Unrivaled Super Hottie’s comment, they looked at the scene with different eyes and verified it: it really was quite messy. 

Everyone wanted to fight more orderly, but they failed to fight in a beautiful orderly manner all the way until the fourth boss fell. 

We beat the boss, so it’s fine!

Everyone silently consoled themselves.

“We beat the boss, so it’s fine.” Unrivaled Super Hottie directly spoke their thoughts. When they heard this, they suddenly didn’t feel consoled anymore. Instead, they felt mocked. 

Everyone wanted to give it another try to show their true skill. Unfortunately, they could only run this dungeon once a week.  

After beating the fourth boss, they continued forward. For the fifth boss, Unrivaled Super Hottie also needed to borrow equipment, but this time, they didn’t know why he needed to switch equipment. 

It was only until after they fought for a while did everyone finally understand why.  

The fight against the fifth boss took place on several floating stone pillars. There was a limited amount of space on these stone pillars, so Unrivaled Super Hottie would have much more difficulty dodging. More importantly, this boss could freely teleport across these stone pillars. The moment the boss teleported, the boss would reset its aggro counter and freely attack.

This was naturally a difficult test for the team. 

The classes, who wouldn’t be on the same stone pillar as the boss, would be the Clerics and long-ranged classes. If the boss suddenly teleported to their position and attacked, it was as if the system ignored the rules and caused the aggro to be pulled from the tank. 

The way Happy Sheep’s team dealt with this problem was by splitting the tanks between the stone pillars. When the boss teleported, the Knight in charge of that stone pillar would immediately go up to defend. Provoke, Roar, or whatever would be used to re-establish the boss’s aggro.

But what did Unrivaled Super Hottie do? He chased the boss when the boss teleported. Moreover, he wasn’t any slower than the boss. The task, which had originally been split between the other Knights, was shouldered by him alone.  

After teleporting, the boss would attack brainlessly. Unless a player used a skill like Provoke or Roar, no one would know who the boss would attack. As a result, the tanks could really only be meat shields. They would see who the boss was intending  to attack and then jumped in front of the target to take the attack for them. 

This task wasn’t easy for the Knights.

Because this was more different than normal tanking. Normally, the monsters would attack the Knights. The Knights didn’t need to use any aggro-establishing skills to tank, but in this case, they didn’t know where the boss would attack. They had to predict the boss’s movements and defend. The fifth boss was always a section where Happy Sheep’s team had never been able to pass without any casualties. They wouldn’t lose too many players, but they would definitely lose a few. They could pass the fourth boss without any casualties, but after the fifth boss, their hundred player team would no longer have a hundred players.

But everything changed with the addition of Unrivaled Super Hottie.

Unrivaled Super Hottie closely followed the boss’ steps. He predicted and intercepted the boss accurately too. The majority of the boss’ brainless attacks hit Unrivaled Super Hottie. All of them were blocked by him on purpose. 

His low-grade equipment wouldn’t have been good enough for him to be a proper meat shield. Had he been using that equipment, he would have needed to dodge the majority of the boss’ attacks to reduce the incoming damage, but now, he could actively seek to block the boss’ attacks. Even with Seven Blossom Leave’s equipment, the Clerics still felt the pressure.

Usually, a single player couldn’t defend against the boss’s attack. As soon as the boss teleported to another stone pillar, all of the tanks would go up together to act as meat shields. You block, I block, everyone blocks, so the Clerics could spread their healing amongst different players.

But now, Unrivaled Super Hottie was blocking for everyone singlehandedly. In addition to that, he was doing it better than what they could do combined. One or two Clerics on a stone pillar weren’t enough to heal him up properly! 

Fortunately, Happy Sheep made appropriate adjustments. The Cleric squad began to chase after Unrivaled Super Hottie. All of them focused their healing on Unrivaled Super Hottie.

When the fifth boss fell, Happy Sheep’s team had made another breakthrough. They had finally cleared the boss without a single casualty with this method. The team still consisted of a hundred players, and not a single one had died yet.

Happy Sheep felt somewhat embarrassed to say this was because of the entire team’s efforts. They had always tried hard on this section, but they had never gotten through without any casualties. It was because of Unrivaled Super Hottie and his outstanding predictions that the team managed to not lose any members.

“Beautiful!” Happy Sheep praised Unrivaled Super Hottie.

“Of course.” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied.

The Knights felt very ashamed. A task that they couldn’t do with all four of them had just been achieved by a single person. 

Having created history, the team was in high spirits and swept through the sixth, seventh, and eighth bosses.

Up to this point, there were still no casualties. Unrivaled Super Hottie’s tanking was extremely stable. If an incident ever occurred, he would come to their rescue. With a tank like this, even if someone wanted to die, it would be extremely difficult. An atmosphere of happiness gradually enveloped the entire team. The team killed the ninth boss. Only the final boss was left. At the same time, this was the farthest the team had ever progressed. Up until now, they hadn’t cleared this pass yet.

This time, they had all of their members alive and well, along with a powerful tank like Unrivaled Super Hottie.

“How do we fight it?” Happy Sheep didn’t rashly make arrangements and instead asked Unrivaled Super Hottie for his advice. They had tried to clear this section countless times but had failed, so Happy Sheep didn’t have much confidence in their strategy.

“How do we fight it?” Unrivaled Super Hottie heard this question and repeated the question. After thinking for a moment, he said: “I’ll tank the monsters. The damage dealers will deal damage. The healers will heal.”

The highly anticipated strategy turned out to be something like this. It made everyone want to cry. Wasn’t this the same as normal? As long as it was a game with tanks, healers, and damage dealers, weren’t all bosses fought with this strategy?   

Happy Sheep grumbled for a long time, but he didn’t say anything.   

“Is everyone ready? Should I start?” Unrivaled Super Hottie said.

“Wait. Wait.” Happy Sheep hastily stopped him.

“Hm?”

“We’ve died here lots of times before.” Happy Sheep said.

“Oh?”

“Our team’s progress has always stopped here.” Happy Sheep said.

“Congratulations!” Unrivaled Super Hottie exclaimed, “Today will be your first time clearing it.”

“...”  

“Should I start?”  

“Wait! Wait!” Happy Sheep still wasn’t sure about what his plans were, so he wasn’t prepared. It was their first time reaching here without any losses. They had to grasp this opportunity well!

“What?”    

“How are you planning on tanking?” Happy Sheep asked.

“You guys probably weren’t able to tank it before, right?” Unrivaled Super Hottie’s gaze fell onto Seven Blossom Leaves and the other knights.

The Knights couldn’t help but affirm this cruel reality.

“The damage we took was too great. Our healers couldn’t keep up.” Happy Sheep said, “Maybe it’s because our equipment isn’t good enough.”

“Your equipment is good enough.” Unrivaled Super Hottie said, “You’re just not skilled enough. This is an aquatic battle, so there’s a lot of skill involved. It’s a bit more difficult.”

“You know how to engage in aquatic battles too?” Happy Sheep discovered the source of Unrivaled Super Hottie’s confidence.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 568: This Is a Strong Tank
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

The ninth boss battle in Tomb in the Sky took place in water.

The majority of players were not accustomed to aquatic battles. Due to this reason alone, Tomb in the Sky’s ninth boss was considered even more difficult than the final boss.

Fighting a boss in water was different than fighting players in water.

For PvP, it was fair for both sides. The hindrances from water would affect them equally, but it was an entirely different matter for bosses. For shameless entities like bosses, who had the system’s backing, water would not affect them like conventional logic would entail.

In the water, the movements of players would become slower, but bosses could freely move around, as if they were dragons soaring through the skies. It would be strange if an opponent like this wasn’t difficult to deal with.

Ye Xiu wasn’t surprised Seven Blossom Leaves and the other Knights couldn’t fight aquatic battles well.

Tanking required precise actions. When an attack arrived, the Knight had to raise their shield to defend. It was the whole point of a shield after all. Half of the reason Knights were tanks was because of the damage reduction they would gain from equipping shields.

However, in an aquatic battle, there was a huge difference in speed between the boss and them. This difference in speed made it difficult for players to grasp the timing of the attacks. Even a simple move like raising their shields couldn’t be done easily. 

If the Knight couldn’t use his shield properly, the Knight wouldn’t fare much better than the squishies. The healing obviously wouldn’t be enough.

If they had better equipment and could tank without the shield, then they would be able to pass easily, but Seven Blossom Leaves and the other Knights were still trying to beat the dungeon! How could their equipment be at that sort of dominating level? It wouldn’t be quite correct to say that the ninth boss of Tomb in the Sky required exceptional equipment. There was no such dungeon that required vastly superior equipment to beat. In reality, the ninth boss just required skill in aquatic battles.

The skill required wasn’t anything too demanding. It would be enough if the Knight could raise his shield in time to receive the boss’s attack. 

But the problem was that players were unaccustomed to aquatic battles. In addition, the boss wasn’t affected by the water in the slightest. Because of these reasons, the majority of players had trouble executing even a simple move like raising their shields. 

Of course, for someone like Ye Xiu, this move was well within his capabilities despite only having “a bit” of knowledge in aquatic battles. Difficult and precise aquatic techniques didn’t need to be used. Since all he needed to do was raise his shield at the right time, Seven Blossom Leave’s equipment was more than enough to tank the boss.

If Ye Xiu tried with Unrivaled Super Hottie’s original equipment, Ye Xiu would also feel pressured. It would require him to rely more on dodging the boss’s attacks than to tank. His character’s movements would be restricted in the water, while the boss wouldn’t be hindered, which made dodging much more difficult.

Thus, for the ninth boss, Ye Xiu needed to borrow equipment.

Now, with better equipment, Ye Xiu didn’t feel pressured by the boss at all. The team could just use their normal strategy. He would tank, the DPSers would deal damage, and the healers would heal. Happy Sheep kept asking him how he planned on fighting the boss, but Ye Xiu didn’t know what else to say. Just fight with the basic bossing strategy.

This was also the place where Happy Sheep’s team often wiped out, but they couldn’t find any solutions because this boss didn’t require any specific strategy. The boss didn’t have any extremely powerful moves or anything either. The only difficulty lay in the speed disparity and the players’ inability to fight in the water. If they tried a few more times, the tanks would eventually grasp the timing and they would pass the boss with ease.

“Relax! Just follow along!” Ye Xiu said. He ignored Happy Sheep’s objection and headed straight over to touch the gear.

The gear moved and water poured out from their surroundings. After everyone became submerged in the water, the boss came out and went on stage. Happy Sheep’s team, which had wiped out here countless times, started sweating and nervously stared at the boss. Unrivaled Super Hottie was already heading for the boss though. Initiating with a Charge, he struck the boss.

The battle began.

The boss’s strength was the same as always. As for Happy Sheep’s team? Their tanks’ equipment hadn’t changed. The only thing that had changed was a single person. The bubbles and waves from the exchange between the boss and Unrivaled Super Hottie made it so they couldn’t even see Unrivaled Super Hottie’s name tag. The Clerics fixed their attention on his health bar by using the team list.

This guy sounded quite confident. He’d better not die after a few blows! It had happened before. The tank pulled the monster and before anyone had a clear understanding of the situation, the tank became a corpse.

But what about Unrivaled Super Hottie? The bubbles made it difficult for them to see the situation clearly, but they could tell that his health wasn’t dropping very fast. The waves turned over their heads and the muffled sounds of a shield being struck could be heard. The two sides were fighting and Unrivaled Super Hottie was blocking the boss’s attacks.

“He can tank it!!”

Seven Blossom Leaves immediately figured out the problem. He knew why the boss had been difficult for their team in the past. It was because their shields had turned into decorations. They were never able to block the boss’s attacks. It wasn’t a problem they could fix just by knowing about it. They had tried hard to learn, but today, it looked like someone could finally do it.

“Heal!” Unrivaled Super Hottie gave an order and the Clerics began healing.

“Damage!” Unrivaled Super Hottie gave another order and the DPSers began attacking.

“Done!” Unrivaled Super Hottie stated and the boss floated up as a corpse.

Done?

The team had been stuck here for several weeks, trying all sorts of strategies to tank the boss. Today, it died without any suspense.

No accident or danger even arose. The boss fight hadn’t even been as scary as when Unrivaled Super Hottie almost turned into Swiss cheese from the spear trap in the very beginning.

Happy Sheep’s team was completely silent.

The boss, which had made them ram their heads against the wall, keeled over in such a normal way. They had a hard time accepting it. The boss fight should have been frightening. There should have been constant cries of fear, and dangers all around, accompanied by countless tragedies. Later on, when they stumbled across the topic of this boss again, they should have been able to describe the boss battle for an entire day.

But none of that happened. There weren’t even any orders during the boss fight. Even the mobs had been more exciting.

The incomparably difficult boss died so pitifully.

The boss fell and the gear was destroyed. The water drained out and the entire Tomb in the Sky began to transform. Up until now, Happy Sheep’s team hadn’t ever heard the boss’s roar before. The ground shook like an earthquake, startling everyone awake.

“The final boss.” Unrivaled Super Hottie called out to them.

Everyone followed along numbly. After walking for two minutes, someone suddenly regained their composure: “Team captain, did you pick up the equipment?”

“Oh sh*t!” Happy Sheep immediately turned his head. He had been so lost in thought, he had forgotten to pick up the ninth boss’ drops. 

Happy Sheep’s team had never seen the final boss before. It was their first time. They were originally very nervous, but with the supposedly even more difficult ninth boss defeated just like that, wouldn’t the final boss be a stroll in the park?

No one had any expectations for the final boss. After following Unrivaled Super Hottie, they eventually reached the final boss.

“You guys have only gotten to the ninth boss, so that means you’ve never fought against this boss before, right?” Unrivaled Super Hottie asked.

“We’ve never fought it before.” Happy Sheep answered.

“Then have you read the guide for it?”

“Guide…” Happy Sheep was slightly startled. He had read the guide before, but he hadn’t studied this part in detail yet because they had been stuck on the ninth boss for weeks. He hadn’t considered the final boss yet!

“Then should I give a brief summary?” Unrivaled Super Hottie asked.

‘You tank. The DPSers deal damage. The healers heal? I understand.” Happy Sheep said.

“How can it be that simple?” Unrivaled Super Hottie commented in disdain. He described the boss’ problematic points.    

“It’s that complicated?” Everyone gasped. They had read the guide before, but they had never gotten this far before, so no one had studied it in detail. They had pretty much forgotten everything at this point.

“How come it sounds like it’s more difficult than the ninth boss?” Someone asked.

“Obviously! Of course the final boss is more difficult to handle than the ninth boss.” Unrivaled Super Hottie said.

“I thought the ninth boss was the hardest boss?” Someone else questioned.

“Those who don’t understand aquatic battles would say that.” Unrivaled Super Hottie said.

“Who knows anything about aquatic battles…” Everyone commented. 

“Me!”

“I thought you only understood a bit?”

“I was being modest. Do you know what that means?”

“A bit…” Everyone cried.   

“Did everyone remember what I said?” At this moment, Unrivaled Super Hottie asked if everyone understood what he had just taught them.

“Yes.” Everyone replied, but their answer sounded amiss. F*ck, they were one of Tyrannical Ambition’s branch guilds. Why were they being lectured like noobs?

But then again, for a boss they had never fought before, they really were noobs. The problem was that the person in front of them had just looked over the guide before running the dungeon. He didn’t even know about the spear traps in the beginning. When did he suddenly become an expert that could order them around?

“If no one has any questions, I’ll start the fight!”

Before anyone could give any objections, Unrivaled Super Hottie charged at the boss.

F*ck, so quick and decisive. Everyone could only follow behind. 

“Everyone spread out! There can’t be anyone within ninety degrees in front of the boss. Didn’t you guys say you remembered!!” Unrivaled Super Hottie had already begun instructing them. 

Everyone cried. They hadn’t even seen clearly what direction the boss was facing? Could you not be so strict!

“That Cleric over there. What’s wrong with you? Are you looking to die, standing behind me? Move outside of the ninety degrees area.”

Everyone looked and went silent. F*ck, that Cleric was Happy Sheep! Even the team captain was being taught like a dog, so this was a what a powerful tank was truly like! Speaking of tanks, the team was too used to Seven Blossom Leaves and his kind personality.

“Do you know what ninety degrees means? The boss and I make up the axis. Move to the areas away from the two o’clock directions on the left and right!”

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 569: The Final Boss’s Three Iron Shovels
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Unrivaled Super Hottie very naturally replaced Happy Sheep as the team’s shotcaller. His tone of voice changed too. He just started and he was already scolding the team captain, Happy Sheep.  

Quite a few were angry. Even though it was true that they had never fought this boss before, Unrivaled Super Hottie had only skimmed through the dungeon guide ten minutes before starting. How could he be so strict? Reciting words from the guide? Anyone could do that!

Some of the players wanted to say a few mocking words, when they suddenly saw Tomb in the Sky’s final boss, Tomb Guardian Imset, suddenly lift his hands up and slammed his iron shovel, which looked more appropriate for a grave robber, down into the ground.

Numerous cracks suddenly formed on the ground. Rays of light shone through the cracks like magic waves. A fierce storm flew out from the cracks, making everyone, who was about to say something, shut their mouths. 

Happy Sheep had reacted too slowly to Unrivaled Super Hottie’s scolding. The magic storm coming out from the cracks in the earth sliced Happy Sheep into bits. Not even a corpse remained.

“Everyone, start moving!!” Everyone was still in shock, when another order came. Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t sway from seeing the team captain dying. When the Tomb Guardian slammed his shovel down, he sidestepped to the right and dodged the flying magic waves.  

Since the target had moved, the boss naturally moved along with his target. They didn’t dare be slow and sprinted to behind the boss. They could clearly see that the magic waves covered a 90 degree arc in front of the boss. Unrivaled Super Hottie had given a reminder, but Happy Sheep had been too slow, so of course he got clapped to death.

However, the team captain’s sacrifice hadn’t been for nothing. Everyone now realized the terror of this attack. This kind of feeling couldn’t be felt from watching a video or reading a guide. At best, the guide would mention the attack being an AoE attack and how to dodge it. The reader wouldn’t have any other feelings towards it though. Only those at the scene could discover how fast the attack started and how difficult it was to dodge. Happy Sheep had been warned by Unrivaled Super Hottie to hurry up and get out of the way, but he still wasn’t able to escape the attack’s range and instantly died.

“Melee classes, don’t crowd together! Move back and forth, alternating between using mid-ranged and close-ranged skills. Maintain a distance away from the boss. After using a close-ranged skill, immediately retreat.” Unrivaled Super Hottie continued to direct the team.

For a hundred player dungeon, in order to let many spread out and attack, the boss usually had a big body, so several melee characters could surround the boss at the same time. It didn’t make sense for players to line up and take turns to deal damage. However, this Tomb Guardian Imset had such powerful skills. A quarter of the area instantly became a dead zone, making it so there wasn’t space for the melee classes. Imset was quite big, but he wasn’t a huge dragon, which dozens of players could surround. At this moment, everyone once again realized the terror of this attack. Because it create a 90 degree dead zone in front, they had to head to behind the boss. Everyone rushed to behind the boss. The long-ranged classes didn’t have a problem, but the melee classes had trouble moving.

Even though Ye Xiu had gave them a tip, his tip made everyone somewhat confused. The long ranged classes like the Gunners and Mages were like fish in water, but the melee classes were a mess.

Just as the long-ranged characters were feeling good about themselves, Unrivaled Super Hottie warned: “The long-ranged characters are too far away. If you’re that far away, there won’t be enough time to dodge.”

Ye Xiu had told them all of these pointers before the boss fight. Listening to the theory behind it and actually putting into practice were two very different things though. When the AoE attack came out, everyone had been too busy and had forgotten about his pointers. Hearing the command saying they were too far, the long-ranged characters moved forward.

At this moment, the boss released another attack. The iron shovel in his hands pierced through the ground and began to spin.

“Run counterclockwise! Hurry hurry hurry!!” Unrivaled Super Hottie hastily shouted. Everyone watched as that iron shovel dug a ditch in the ground. Inside the ditch, rays of light seeped out like before, but this time, it sounded louder.

Everyone was scared witless and immediately ran counterclockwise like what Unrivaled Super Hottie said. However, some people thought they were smart and instead of running counterclockwise, they ran backwards. When the iron shovel swung out, the magic waves from the ditch instantly enveloped the players who had run backwards. It didn’t matter what class the player was. The player disappeared.

In just a short moment, Happy Sheep’s team lost another six players. The remaining didn’t dare be slow. Only now did they understand that every single one of Unrivaled Super Hottie’s commands weren’t without reason. If he wanted you to run around in a circle, then you around in a circle. Those who didn’t listen would be like the team captain and the other six who had died!

Happy Sheep had simply reacted a bit too slowly, but the other six didn’t listen because they thought they were smart.

The iron shovel streaked across the ground in a semicircle. At this moment, the long-ranged classes knew why they couldn’t be too far away. If they stood too far away, the radius of the semicircle would be larger and the amount of time needed to get out of range was longer. They might not be able to move fast enough before the boss started the attack. To dodge this attack, they needed to run in front of the boss, the opposite side from their current position. If they moved too slow, the attack would touch them and the death light would envelop them.

Both attacks had killed players in the team. Happy Sheep’s team became more and more nervous with each attack. Even though they knew the final boss couldn’t be beat just by standing there, the difficulty of the final boss exceeded their expectations. For example, if Unrivaled Super Hottie hadn’t warned them ahead of time to run in a counterclockwise direction, no one would have noticed the boss’s attack and the team might have wiped out right then and there…

“Move away from position three!!! Clerics, pay attention to everyone’s health!!”

Everyone was still trying to catch their breath, when Unrivaled Super Hottie gave another order. The boss was about to cast another powerful spell.

Move away from position three! It sounded like an unclear statement, but Unrivaled Super Hottie had explained it to them before. Position three referred to one of the sides of the boss. The command meant no one could be within that area. Pay attention to everyone’s health gave everyone a vague understanding of the boss’s next move. After all, even those who had never eaten pork before, had seen a pig run.

Right when Unrivaled Super Hottie’s voice fell, the boss’s iron shovel turned and dug into the ground. The boss dug in the position three location.

Even though everyone had received the orders, in that short moment, some of them hadn’t been able to see clearly which spot was the third position. A few even made the mistake of running into position three.

Some of the players were directly killed by the shovel.

Some of the players were scooped up into the air by the shovel and also died.

After a few fearful cries, the dirt scooped up by the shovel fell down. The dirt carried magic waves, but the waves didn’t seem too strong. The dirt flew into the air and rain down all around the boss. The players now knew that it wasn’t possible to dodge the attack. The boss completed the movement in an instant.

When they saw the dirt fall, everyone wanted to run away in panic, but they still vaguely remembered the warning.

“Make sure you avoid position three!” Fortunately, a warning was made and the dazed players instantly became alert. They saw that they were moving towards position three and cold sweat drenched their backs. The warning had been too slow. As soon as they neared position three, more magic waves surged forth and directly killed them.

If the Tomb Guardian Imset was one of the 24 classes in Glory, Imset would be a Thief class. It was a trap! His attack basically set a whole bunch of traps onto the ground! Was this guy a tomb guardian or a tomb robber?

They didn’t have time to think about this detail though. The dirt raining down couldn’t be dodged. Fortunately, the dirt didn’t do too much damage. The Clerics focused and quickly healed everyone back up. At this moment, the Clerics had forgotten about a very basic issue.

The tank!

The tank hadn’t taken any damage, so the Clerics hadn’t paid attention to him. In this moment of tension, the tank still didn’t need help. When the Clerics looked at the names on the team list and healed whoever was missing health, none of them touched Unrivaled Super Hottie.

All of the dirt fell and after this wave was over, everyone’s health returned to full. The Clerics naturally began paying attention to the tank again, but failed to notice this point.

Because they weren’t the only one.

One of the Clerics might not have healed the tank, but the others might have. As a result, when they saw Unrivaled Super Hottie safe and sound, none of the Clerics thought the tank had taken care of himself.

“Stay orderly. The boss only has these three iron shovels. Everyone pay attention to them and this fight will be a breeze!”

After the three iron shovels came out, fourteen players had died including the team captain. But what they didn’t know was that, these losses were considered light for first time challengers.

In reality, any team facing Tomb Guardian Imset wouldn’t have it as easy as Happy Sheep because none of them had a tank at Ye Xiu’s skill level.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 570: Sworn Enemy
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

The final boss battle continued.

After experiencing Tomb Guardian Imset’s three iron shovels, Happy Sheep’s team didn’t dare to get distracted. Besides focusing on the fight, everyone only had one thought going through their minds. After exiting the dungeon, they were definitely going to look for those people who claimed the ninth boss was more difficult than the final boss and give them a good beating.

That ninth boss couldn’t even compare to even one of Imset’s three iron shovel attacks!

At the teleportation formation for Tomb in the Sky, Happy Sheep waited in worry.

He had a premonition that the final boss battle would be difficult, but he had been the first to die. He had never imagined that would happen. The team had reached the final boss without any casualties, so he had just wanted to share his excitement with someone else, but his typing had delayed him from moving, so when the battle began, he had moved slightly slower than the others. Who would have thought that this boss would be so ferocious and immediately start off by slamming his iron shovel down.

Happy Sheep was upset! The boss battle had just begin. They hadn’t cleared the dungeon yet. Why had he been so cocky?

When a player died in a dungeon, the player wouldn’t drop any equipment, but the player would still lose experience. Besides that, due to the vicious environment known as the Heavenly Domain, when a player revived, the player would be at full health without any loss in stats.

Tomb in the Sky was located in the air and could only be reached through several teleportation formations in the Heavenly Domain. When Happy Sheep revived, he was sent to the formation, which they had used to enter the dungeon. Happy Sheep discovered that he had been thrown into a group of players and immediately took up his guard. This was a basic survival skill in the Heavenly Domain. Being thrown into a group of players was just as dangerous as being thrown into a group of monsters.

Soon afterwards, Happy Sheep saw the names on top of the players in the group and relaxed.

These people were a team from Tyrannical Ambition’s fifth branch. Right now, they were sitting or standing near the teleportation formation. No one said anything. They didn’t seem too energetic.

Happy Sheep was from the fourth branch. These players were from the fifth branch. They could be considered part of the same family, so he didn’t need to worry about them eyeing his equipment. However, after seeing their names, Happy Sheep wasn’t happy either, especially towards one of the Knights amidst the group. When the Knight saw Happy Sheep revive amongst their group, he immediately got up. He swayed over as he circled Happy Sheep several times.

“What are you doing?!” Happy Sheep shouted, but his tone of voice sounded like he was showing strength on the outside, while actually being weak on the inside.

“Did I see wrong?” This Knight circled around a few times and stood still after hearing Happy Sheep’s shout, “Isn’t this team captain, Happy Sheep? I heard that you guys reached Tomb in the Sky’s final boss without losing any players? How come I see you here? Let me see… the time it’s been since you talked to me. D*mn, it’s been half a minute. Did the boss instantly kill the great Happy Sheep?” 

Happy Sheep wanted to cry! This was why he didn’t feel happy. Because this guy was the person he had just “shared his excitement with”: Tyrannical Ambition’s fifth branch team captain Wolf Head. 

The system might not recognize the fourth and fifth branch as a single guild, but everyone was still under Tyrannical Ambition. They were all fans of Team Tyranny too, so they all treated each other as members of the same guild. However, the teams of the branch guilds liked to compete with each other. It was similar to how different groups in the same company competed with each other. This dungeon progress was one place, where they competed in. 

Happy Sheep’s team and this Wolf team had similar progress percentages from the very beginning. Both of them were stuck in Tomb in the Sky, so they had always viewed each other as rivals. Today, with the help of Unrivaled Super Hottie, not a single player had died before reaching the final boss. He felt like this was definitely an astonishing accomplishment, so he had gone and shared the news with his competitor. Who knew that today truly would be a day, where history was created? The team captain Happy Sheep was the first casualty of the team. Even worse, after dying, he dropped right into Wolf’s team.

He didn’t even know if Wolf Head had even finished reading about the excitement he had shared before he landed in their team. Happy Sheep really wanted to logout, but he still wanted to keep up with the situation in the dungeon. He could only grit his teeth and wait for the results!

Facing Wolf Head’s questioning, Happy Sheep felt grim. He coldly humphed and shifted topics: “What are you guys doing? Are you planning on entering the dungeon or preparing to exit the dungeon?”

His words were obviously to prick at Wolf Head’s sore spot. Today was the day before Tomb in the Sky refreshed. Teams would finish their dungeon run and then review it today. If they were gathered at the entrance, it could only mean they had come out after dying. This Wolf team had been Happy Sheep’s opponent for many years, so he understood his style.

“Hmph, don’t be so happy. You died and came out, which means your team is pretty much done for, no? A team reaching the final boss without any casualties, tch…” Wolf Head repeated the information typed out when Happy Sheep “shared his excitement”.

“Tch, it looks like you’ve all been sitting here for a while, no? Besides me, do you see anyone else from my team?” Happy Sheep laughed coldly.

His words were correct. Anyone who died would come out from the entrance they had come in from. Wolf Head’s team had been here for awhile. Wolf Head’s team had failed to clear Tomb in the Sky and were feeling depressed. Then, Happy Sheep came out and acted all cocky. Wolf Head really wanted to curse at him, but then he died and appeared in front of him. In the beginning, he was quite surprised. After collecting his thoughts, he felt incredibly happy.

At this moment, Happy Sheep raised this issue. Wolf Head had no way of answering because no one else had come out besides Happy Sheep, but right when Happy Sheep finished talking, pa pa pa pa pa pa! Six of Happy Sheep’s players respawned.

“Oh!” Wolf Head shouted in glee and immediately welcomed them: “You’ve come?”

The six players came out and were still at a loss. When they heard him asking them a question, they replied back foolishly: “Here.”

Happy Sheep wanted to cry again. What’s up with today? Everything was happening at the wrong time! All the coincidences were going against him! What terrible luck. He must have gotten on the wrong side of the devils.

The six players foolishly replied to Wolf Head and saw their team captain. They immediately waved at him. Happy Sheep couldn’t care about Wolf Head at the moment and hastily asked: “How is it going?”

“How else could it be? They died!” Wolf Head replied in response.

Happy Sheep sucked in a deep breath. Ignore him. The six players nodded their heads and agreed: “We died.”

“No sh*t…” Happy Sheep wasn’t in a good mood, “I can obviously tell that you guys died. I’m talking about the boss. Is the situation stable?”

“They died. How could it be stable?” Wolf Head replied to his question again.

“Those who couldn’t even beat the ninth boss, step aside!” Happy Sheep snorted. He couldn’t say this last week, but he could say it now.   

Wolf Head was at a loss for words. They really were stuck on the ninth boss. This time, their dungeon run had been even worse. They hadn’t even gotten to the ninth boss before wiping.

“Tch, how much better could they be? You beat the ninth boss once and now you’re so cocky. You’re still going to fail at the final boss. I say, the ninth boss is even more difficult than the final boss! None of you died on the ninth boss, but the team captain died at the start of the final boss? Something isn’t right! Check your message again. Did you type it wrong? Are you talking about the ninth boss? Did you mistake the seventh or eighth boss for the sixth boss?” Wolf Head chattered.

Happy Sheep was about to die from anger, but reality wasn’t helping him! He really had been cocky and then bang, he died. He argued about how he was the only to die so far and then bang bang bang bang bang bang, six players died. If he bragged again and then the entire team wiped out, he wouldn’t have any more face to hang onto.

Happy Sheep cautiously waited. He didn’t dare to say anything more. Wolf Head’s team didn’t have much to do. After coming out of the dungeon, their experience would be reduced. Most of them would hurry to kill monsters to gain back their lost experience, but seeing that a competitor had come to be laughed at, none of them left. They stood together and watched the spectacle.

They weren’t disappointed. Not long afterwards, more players from Happy Sheep’s team came out. Wolf Head laughed out loud and then said: “I’m just laughing. I won’t say anything.”

Happy Sheep paled. He tried to ignore him again and asked the others: “How is it going inside?”

He could have asked the people inside directly, but he was afraid that his message would hinder the people concentrating inside, so Happy Sheep only asked the people who had died and exited.

“If everyone follows what that guy says, there shouldn’t be any problems.” One of the players who had come out felt like their reply was quite smart, but it made Happy Sheep and the other six roll their eyes. They misunderstood his reply and thought he was making fun of them. They thought it was obvious that he died because he didn’t listen to directions. How could they know that this time, the people had died because they hadn’t listened to Unrivaled Super Hottie’s orders and tried to be heroic.

“At this rate, we’ll only be here for two more minutes. You won’t hold us up!” Wolf Head laughed.

Happy Sheep was just a Cleric. If he wasn’t, he would have challenged Wolf Head to a duel on the spot.

“I say, Big Head, your team wiped out, so how can you be so cocky? Hurry up and go gain your experience back!” Happy Sheep didn’t reply, when one of his team members replied.  

“There’s no hurry for that. Once you guys come out, we can do it together and develop our friendship. Ha ha ha ha!”

Happy Sheep was done with the joking. He wanted to cough blood. Reality once again went against him. Another two players came out. Happy Sheep sighed. He didn’t want to ask anymore, but these two happily came over to greet him.

“The situation is looking good! It’s already stable!”

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 571: Dungeon Clear or Wipe Out?
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

“The situation is pretty good?” Even though Happy Sheep sounded happy, he felt uneasy. He held the same feelings as Wolf Head: if the situation was good, why were people coming out wave after wave?

“Yeah, it’s very good!” Two of the players affirmed: “In the beginning, everyone was a bit new to the boss, but after a few times, we figured it out. That guy warns us very promptly. As long as we follow his orders, we’ll definitely clear the dungeon.”

These words made Happy Sheep red in the face. In the end, he asked: “Then what’s up with you two?”

“It’s hard to avoid accidents from happening……” The two people’s faces also turned red.

“I see, I see.” Happy Sheep expressed his understanding. After all, this was the final boss of a hundred player dungeon. It was their first time fighting the final boss too, so it would have been very strange if no one died. After gaining a grasp of the situation, Happy Sheep straightened up and turned to look at Wolf Head: “Waiting is good. In a bit, you’ll see some equipment that you’ve never seen before.” 

“Enough, Old Sheep. Stop dreaming. You’ve bragged long enough. Look at the time. You’ve already reached the final boss? I didn’t even know that your team had the strength to challenge the dungeon record.” Wolf Head spoke with disdain. He felt like Happy Sheep’s lies were too clumsy.

“Dungeon record?” Happy Sheep stared blankly.  

This phrase sounded very unfamiliar to him, because for teams who were still trying to clear Tomb in the Sky, setting a dungeon record and passing the dungeon were two entirely different things. When he heard Wolf Head’s words, Happy Sheep suddenly woke up with a start. He checked the time and then checked the dungeon record rankings.

His teammate was faster though and had already finished checking. He sighed in regret: “It’s already too late!”

At this moment, Happy Sheep looked at the dungeon record rankings. He estimated their start time and confirmed that they wouldn’t be able to beat it this time around. However, they had already gotten to the final boss, so they were relatively close to the record! This was quite impressive already! It had to be known that compared to the elite teams of top guilds, which had beaten this dungeon long ago, their teams weren’t on the same level. Even so, they were still able to achieve such a fast time. If everyone had their equipment upgraded by a level, would they have been able to beat the dungeon record?

Happy Sheep was a bit disappointed for a moment. Even though he was the team captain for a branch of a top guild like Tyrannical Ambition, he had never thought that he would ever have the chance to even get close to a dungeon record. Whether it was based on skill or equipment, their team was way too far off! Suddenly, he asked himself how this could have even happened. It was obvious! It was because of a single Knight: Unrivaled Super Hottie.  

This Knight, with completely garbage equipment, had actually raised their team’s strength by such a degree. If someone told Happy Sheep this was going to happen before the dungeon had started, even if that person beat him to death, he still wouldn’t believe it, but now reality was unfolding before his eyes. His team instantly became so exceptional. If this transformation wasn’t because of Unrivaled Super Hottie, what other reason could it be?

Happy Sheep had a heap of thoughts in his head. On one hand, he felt happy to have this kind of expert help him. On the other hand, he understood that this expert wasn’t considered a part of their team. Suddenly, he thought of the order that the guild leader had given him. He couldn’t say Unrivaled Super Hottie was trash and then secretly keep him in the team. His lie would be seen through too easily.

In the end, he would need to report Unrivaled Super Hottie’s strength to the guild leader. With the performance that Unrivaled Super Hottie had given, there was no way the guild would let him stay in Happy Sheep’s team. Even the branch guild’s main team might not be enough! He would probably directly join the main team! As for his garbage equipment, if he were chosen to join the main guild’s main team, equipment wouldn’t be an issue. With the main guild’s strength, getting stronger equipment for a tank was something that could be done within minutes.

Happy Sheep thought about this and that. In the blink of an eye, countless thoughts floated around in his head. He could only feel depressed. In the beginning, he had looked down on Unrivaled Super Hottie. After realizing his value, he knew that this would be the only time he would have this experience. At this moment, Happy Sheep had even forgotten to argue with Wolf Head.   

“I thought so. You actually thought you could challenge the dungeon record? Could you stop it with your act!” Wolf Head started heating things up.

“Act? This truly is our dungeon time. You’ll see if I’m acting soon.” Happy Sheep regained his composure and immediately retorted. Compared to before, his voice sounded much more resolute. After understanding Unrivaled Super Hottie’s value, Happy Sheep felt confident that clearing Tomb in the Sky today wouldn’t be a problem.

“Ha ha ha, you won’t even admit your lies! Did you not plan out your bragging? Let this brother count how many holes you have in your lie.” Wolf Head said, “First, how long has it been since you started the dungeon? And you’re saying that you’ve already reached the final boss? Old Sheep, do you think it’s my first time running Tomb in the Sky?”

“Second, Tomb in the Sky’s hardest boss is the ninth one. You actually claimed that no one died there, and yet so many have already died on the final boss. How do you expect me to believe that?”

“Ha ha, it’s up to you whether or not you want to believe me. At least, while your team got wiped out, the majority of my team are still fighting in the dungeon.” Happy Sheep said.

“Ha ha, today my team didn’t do so well. I’ll admit it, but your childish lies as attempts to make me jealous are too outlandish, no?” Wolf Head said.

“Today, you really will be jealous. We’re about to clear the dungeon.” Happy Sheep didn’t care about the risk of not actually beating the final boss. Wolf Head’s words had gotten to him and he lost his patience. When he thought about how this incredible Knight wouldn’t be able to stay in his team, Happy Sheep only felt more terrible.

“Oh really? Then I’ll wait. I’ll wait for you to make me jealous.” Wolf Head continued to look at him in disdain.

Happy Sheep ignored him and waited with his teammates for the news.

Second after second passed. Besides the two who had just died, no one else came out. Happy Sheep was naturally joyful. It meant the situation was under control. When Wolf Head saw no one from Happy Sheep’s team dying, he suddenly felt uneasy. He felt like his analysis was completely correct, but after hearing Happy Sheep talk about it with his teammates, why did it seem like Happy Sheep had some sort of expert help him today?

But the problem was Wolf Head knew Happy Sheep’s skill. What type of expert could bring his team up by such a degree? Wolf Head couldn’t imagine it. He still felt like Happy Sheep was only doing well in this run, so he exaggerated a bit. How could he believe that his team really did make a breakthrough! 

After a while, players from other teams came out. Only a few were from Happy Sheep’s team. None of them brought bad news. All of them expressed how they died because they had been careless. The situation was stable.

“Unrivaled Super Hottie said the crucial moment is when the boss starts going Berserk at 10% health. Once we pass that obstacle, there won’t be any more problems.”

“What percentage was the boss’s health before you died?”

“We were just about to get there when I died.” One person said.

As soon as he finished, shua shua shua shua. Another ten players of different classes from Happy Sheep’s team came out. 

Happy Sheep suddenly felt his chest tighten. Naturally, Wolf Head laughed with glee: “Ha ha ha, what’s wrong? You couldn’t hold on? It seemed pretty peaceful before. Were you guys killing off the small mobs? Now it’s the boss? Are you finally at the ninth boss yet?”

“What’s the situation?” Happy Sheep ignored Wolf Head and hastily asked the ten who had come out.

“Enraged! How fierce!” The ten, who came out, replied. Before the Enraged stated, Unrivaled Super Hottie explained to them in detail what to watch out for, but as soon as the boss became Enraged, ten of them were unable to keep up and died. Because they died too quickly, they didn’t know about the situation afterwards. However, after their wave, no one else came out. It seemed like the situation was stable again.

Happy Sheep wasn’t in the dungeon, but he was more nervous than anyone else. His right hand was drenched in sweat.

“The team has to pass!” Happy Sheep prayed because he knew that after this run, there was no way Unrivaled Super Hottie would continue staying in Happy Sheep’s team. Without Unrivaled Super Hottie, their team would go back to the way it was before. They would probably be stuck on the ninth boss again. With Wolf Head acting so savagely today, he had to slap him back. If it returned to their previous competition, then no one knew who would beat the dungeon first!

A few more players from Happy Sheep’s team died and came out. Happy Sheep immediately grabbed them to ask how the battle was going. These guys told him the team turned into a mess after the boss turned Enraged. They didn’t know what was going on inside.

“Baa~~baa~~baa~~” Wolf Head saw Happy Sheep ignoring him and told his team to start making sheep sounds together to give Happy Sheep’s team some beautiful background noise. This was one of the many ways that they mocked Happy Sheep’s team. Their baa-ing was equivalent to chanting “Die die die!!”  

They shouted happily with smiles on their faces, when suddenly white light began to glow around the formation. A whole bunch of characters came out. Happy Sheep looked and saw that it was their players.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 572: Who is this Person?
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

After being nervous for so long, the moment of truth had arrived. Happy Sheep usually pounced on the incoming players immediately, but his nervousness stopped his brain from functioning properly. He didn’t ask. He asked himself a question: pass or fail?

It was only an instant, but it felt like a long time. Happy Sheep was on edge. He wanted to ask, but was too afraid to ask at the same time. He hated how he couldn’t see the expressions of the people controlling their characters.   

At this moment, everyone walked out from the formation and saw their team captain. As if the lid to a pot of boiling water had been lifted, they erupted with excitement.

“Did we clear it???”

“We cleared it!!!”

A brief exchange told them all the information they needed to know. Excitement filled Happy Sheep’s heart so much so that it poured out! 

“We actually cleared it?” Happy Sheep questioned whether or not he was in a dream. He snatched a person by the arm and asked for confirmation.

“We really did pass! Captain, look!” The person speaking was the vice captain of the team. He allowed him to view the three pieces of equipment that had dropped from the final boss. A hundred player dungeon required the efforts of a hundred players. The rewards would obviously be much greater than the rewards from a smaller dungeon. In a smaller dungeon, it was very rare to get two Purple equipment in a single run, but in a hundred player dungeon, it would be a disappointment. What was two purple equipment? Three or four purple equipment was considered normal. The reward for the dungeon record for this dungeon were two pieces of orange equipment and three pieces of purple equipment! Currently, no one had touched the dungeon record in a long time. Even for a hundred player dungeon, orange equipment wasn’t easy to get. Even more so, two drops? The players thought the system had made a mistake!   

Getting two orange drops at the same time usually only happened for once a week wild bosses. 

Happy Sheep’s team had also gotten three purple equipment. Their luck wasn’t good, but it wasn’t bad either. For them, the final boss’ drops were secondary. They had finally beaten the dungeon that had plagued them for several weeks. That thrill of success was what made them happy.   

“Big Head, do you see it now? Ha ha ha ha!” Happy Sheep raised his eyebrows and laughed. He could finally share his joy with Wolf Head. Before, he had come across some accidents, which ruined his excitement. 

“Impossible!” Wolf Head saw the vibe of happiness coming from Happy Sheep’s team and felt extremely envious. No one wanted this type of joy more than the team captain. Even though Happy Sheep’s team really did look happy, Wolf Head refused to believe the truth.   

“With your strength, even if you cleared the dungeon, it couldn’t have been that fast!” Wolf Head denied.

“Is it really that fast? It’s only okay, isn’t it?” Happy Sheep grinned. At this moment, he looked at the tie. They were still quite far from the dungeon record. Happy Sheep realized that he had looked down on the final boss too much. They had been pretty close to the record run, when they had arrived at the final boss, but once they began fighting the boss, the record run far outpaced them. Even so, for a first-time-clearing team, this speed was already exceptional. It wasn’t a surprise that Wolf Head had a hard time believing it. If Happy Sheep had been in Wolf Head’s shoes, he wouldn’t have believed it either.

However, reality was reality. After sharing his joy, Happy Sheep didn’t care if Wolf Head actually believed him or not. Only someone lacking in confidence would hastily try to convince a denier. The more he saw how angry Wolf Head was becoming, the better he felt.

This was the truth!

Whether or not Wolf Head believed him, these were the results! One couldn’t deny reality.

“Look, look! Look at me!” Happy Sheep intentionally squabbled with Wolf Head. He didn’t hastily explain the truth to him. He took the boss drops and equipped the,… In Glory, equipment didn’t have class restrictions. It was just a question of whether or not the equipment suited the class. Happy Sheep acted like he was a model and ignored his status as a Cleric. He put on the three pieces of equipment and paraded proudly towards Wolf Head.  

“Impossible! Impossible!! Wolf Head mumbled to himself. He couldn’t help but turn to look at Happy Sheep and stare at his three new equips.

“Ha ha ha, face reality, Big Head! Keep trying and maybe after ten more weeks or so, you’ll also get the chance to wear these equips. Okay, I’ve wasted enough of your time. You should hurry up and bring your team to regain the experience you lost. We’re going to need to celebrate here.” Happy Sheep said with glee.

Wolf Head felt wronged! If they weren’t all from Tyrannical Ambition, he would have challenged him to a duel right here and now. He hatefully looked at Happy Sheep’s players, who were about to depart, but he felt powerless to argue with them, but then, his eyes suddenly lit up.

“Wait!” Wolf Head used a Knight’s Charge to block Happy Sheep’s path.

“What are you doing?” Happy Sheep wasn’t scared at all.

“Who is he?” Wolf Head targeted Unrivaled Super Hottie’s head. 

“Who?” Happy Sheep immediately felt like he knew who Wolf Head was talking about, but he still asked.

Wolf Head cursed inwardly. His team could see who he was targeting, but Happy Sheep wasn’t in the same team as him. How could he know who he was pointing at?

As a result, Wolf Head personally walked up and stood beside Unrivaled Super Hottie and asked: “Who is this person?”

“Why do you care?” Happy Sheep replied.   

“Ha ha ha ha, no wonder you guys suddenly broke through Tomb in the Sky! It’s because you got outside help! Hm, Knight? A tank? You really how know how to look. Where did you find such an expert? What incredible equipment!” Wolf Head felt like he had been enlightened and felt extremely excited, but after his words fell, everyone suddenly became quiet. It was so quiet, it was scary. Not just Happy Sheep’s team, not even Wolf Head’s team helped him.

Wolf Head stared blankly, when he received a message from his own team. After looking more carefully at Unrivaled Super Hottie’s equipment, he suddenly felt stupid.

He himself was a Knight. He didn’t need to look up the equipment online. He was very clear what type of equipment Unrivaled Super Hottie possessed. With that equipment, how could he have played the role of a tank in Tomb in the Sky? Wolf Head once again refused to believe it.

“We don’t have the time to waste on you. We’re going!” Happy Sheep felt a bit weak. After all, the only reason they passed Tomb in the Sky was because of Unrivaled Super Hottie. It would truly be too embarrassing to say that they had done it all with their own strength. Today, even though they managed to clear the dungeon, next week would be different! Wolf Head’s words saying they had asked for outside help had given him a reminder. Unrivaled Super Hottie definitely wouldn’t be on their team for much longer, but if he could take this chance and get on his good side, maybe he could ask him for help when he needed him. That sounded like a good idea.   

Happy Sheep thought in his head. He didn’t have the heart to compete with Wolf Head. However, Wolf Head had been struck by a heavy blow today. He refused to give up, “You wait one moment. You’re not leaving until I understand how you somehow cleared Tomb in the Sky.” 

“A pass is a pass? What else needs to be said?” Happy Sheep said.

“Stop bullsh*tting. If this situation isn’t made clear, our Wolf Team won’t be able to act arrogantly in front of your Happy Sheep team anymore. It’s better if we get to the bottom of this right now.” Wolf Head said.  

Happy Sheep didn’t think Wolf Sheep would actually say the truth. For a moment, he didn’t know how to respond.

At this moment, Unrivaled Super Hottie spoke up: “Who is this person?” 

“From the fifth branch.” Happy Sheep helplessly introduced Wolf Head.

“Ha ha, what a cute name!” Unrivaled Super Hottie laughed.

‘What an arrogant name!” Wolf Sheep retorted.

“It’s so-so!” 

“With your name, no one would be able to forget it. I’ve definitely never seen you in Happy Sheep’s team before.” Wolf Head said. ?

Happy Sheep’s team looked up at the sky and let out a deep sigh. They couldn’t help but agree with Wolf Head. Unrivaled Super Hottie’s name was truly too eye-catching.

“So what?” Unrivaled Super Hottie asked.

“We have to get to the bottom of this! If Happy Sheep really did find outside help to clear this dungeon, then that means they didn’t do it with their own strength. Stop pretending in front of me.” Wolf Head said.  

“Oh, if you’re talking about me, I haven’t joined the guild yet, but I guess I count as a part of their team?” Unrivaled Super Hottie said.

Happy Sheep was overjoyed and hastily added: “Of course you count. You definitely count. You must count.”   

“Hmph.” Wolf Head began to sneer, “After hearing what you said, I get it now. I wonder how many temporary members Happy Sheep’s team has today.”

“What do you mean?” Happy Sheep said. 

“What does that mean?! Stop joking with me. You think that you can clear the dungeon now with just one helper? You probably found two or three teams, no? Or did you hide their equipment? At least that, right?” Wolf Head glared in disdain.    

“Hm? There are other experts on this team? I didn’t see any!” Unrivaled Super Hottie asked Happy Sheep.

Happy Sheep didn’t know how to reply. Even though Unrivaled Super Hottie had proved Happy Sheep didn’t have any other outside help… what was he implying? For one of Tyrannical Ambition’s branch guilds, their hundred player team should have quite a few experts, no? Why did it sound like Unrivaled Super Hottie denied that there were any experts at all.

“You’d better not tell me that this is the only new person and you beat the dungeon with him!” Wolf Head said.

‘It’s the truth.” Happy Sheep didn’t back down. It really was the truth!

“Really? Then do you have the guts to let this guy spar with me? Let me see whether or not he really is an expert.” Wolf Head suddenly challenged.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 573: Natural Knight
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

It wasn’t without reason that Wolf Head requested a challenge. Happy Sheep was also very clear on his reasons.

If you looked at his character profile, you could clearly see that Wolf Head has fought a total of 50,000 Arena matches with a win rate of 75.49%.

These statistics were enough to show that Wolf Head was obsessed with PK! A 75% win rate was also quite impressive. No one on Happy Sheep’s team had such a record.

Arena records were not hidden. Anyone could see them with a single click. Happy Sheep saw Wolf Head suddenly issue a challenge and immediately remembered that he hadn’t seen Unrivaled Super Hottie’s Arena record yet.

But when he checked, he was very disappointed. Unrivaled Super Hottie had only played 2,000 matches with a win rate of 30%. Compared to Happy Sheep’s team, he would be placed dead last. After all, they were still members of a top guild like Tyrannical Ambition.

A poor Arena record didn’t mean the players was a noob. There were many players who didn’t like PvP and only enjoyed PvE. Truthfully speaking, with Unrivaled Super Hottie’s display in the dungeon, Happy Sheep had a difficult time believing that this was his true Arena record.

Even though PvP and PvE were different, there were similar aspects to them. Those who were good in one area wouldn’t be too far off in the other area. Even moreso, this was the Heavenly Domain! In order to enter the Heavenly Domain, the player needed to pass the Arena portion in the Heavenly Domain quest chain. To complete the Arena part, the player needed to beat a certain number of players. However, Unrivaled Super Hottie’s 34.25% win rate meant his character hadn’t tasted victory after entering the Heavenly Domain. Or perhaps this person had absolutely no interest in PvP?

Happy Sheep tried to estimate Unrivaled Super Hottie’s chances. Compared to Wolf Head’s Arena record, the odds were way too unbalanced. Right when he was about to make an excuse, Unrivaled Super Hottie actually took the initiative to respond: “Spar? That sounds good! PvP is actually my strong point!”

“Are you serious?” Happy Sheep blurted out after looking at Unrivaled Super Hottie’s win rate in the Arena.

“With a name like mine, I can’t have any weaknesses.” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied in a modest tone, making everyone speechless.   

Happy Sheep didn’t know how to respond. Wolf Head had clearly looked at Unrivaled Super Hottie’s Arena record. This guy’s words and win rate were the complete opposite of each other. Along with this guy’s name, Wolf Head had already judged this person to be a megalomaniac. 

He didn’t poke any holes at the contradiction between Unrivaled Super Hottie’s words and Arena record. He simply laughed: “Then, how about we go for a round?” 

“No problem.”” Unrivaled Super Hottie immediately answered.

“I have a problem!” Happy Sheep interrupted. Today, he had slapped Wolf Head’s face. He wasn’t about to give him a chance to bite back. Such an obvious risk had to be avoided.

Even if Unrivaled Super Hottie had a reason for his disgusting win rate, Wolf Head’s Arena record wasn’t just for show. His win rate and total matches played clearly showed his skill. No one in Happy Sheep’s team would be an opponent to him. This was one of the reasons as to why Wolf Head had always been so arrogant in front of them.

In the dungeon, the progress between the two teams were about the same, but in PvP, Wolf Head had the advantage. Thus, when comparing the two teams, Wolf Head’s team was slightly better, allowing Wolf Head to always feel satisfied.

It hadn’t been easy delivering a heavy blow to Wolf Head. Happy Sheep didn’t want to give Wolf Head a chance to retaliate.

“Do you have any problems?” Unrivaled Super Hottie and Wolf Head unexpectedly spoke in unison, causing Happy Sheep to turn and glare at Unrivaled Super Hottie. Unfortunately, the other side couldn’t see his glares. Happy Sheep wanted to shout at him, asking which side he was on.

“You just came out of the dungeon and killed the boss, so you must be tired.” Happy Sheep said.

“Not at all. It’s nothing much.” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied.

Happy Sheep suddenly wanted to die, when Wolf Head laughed out loud: “This brother is so straightforward. Happy Sheep don’t be so disappointed. He was the one that said it himself. Those were all trivial matters. What I want to know is how a peerless expert, who sees those as trivial matters, will do against me.

“You misunderstand me.” Unrivaled Super Hottie hastily said.

“Leading a new team to beating the final boss in this hundred player dungeon was quite difficult. What I meant was sparring with you is a trivial matter.” Unrivaled Super Hottie corrected.  

“You…”

“Didn’t I say before? PvP is my strong point.” Unrivaled Super Hottie said in a serious tone.

With his character’s Arena record, it was quite hard to believe his claims , but there might be other special reasons for it. Seeing his extremely confident manner, Wolf Head immediately became alert: “This isn’t your account?”

If this wasn’t his account, then of course this character’s Arena record wouldn’t represent his actual skill.

“It’s my account.” Ye Xiu replied, “But I haven’t played on it in a long time and let my friend use it instead. He brought my Arena record way down. My real skill isn’t at this level.”

Ye Xiu explained himself because he suddenly realized that he stood out way too much. He was supposed to be a spy. His background and strengths should be mostly consistent. If his background and strength were too different, it would be suspicious.

“Ha ha ha ha, so it’s like that. Then, I’ll play with you for a bit.” Once Wolf Head heard his explanation, he immediately understood the situation. Unrivaled Super Hottie only had a total of 2000 matches played. Many of those matches were played by his friend, which meant he only could have played a maximum of 1000 matches. If he could get into the Heavenly Domain, his PvP skill shouldn’t be that bad, but the problem was that if one looked at it in the Heavenly Domain, those who could pass the Heavenly Domain Challenge were noobs in the Heavenly Domain.

This guy was probably still looking at matters from the perspective of normal servers. He didn’t realize the terror of the Heavenly Domain! Wolf Head laughed inwardly.

Happy Sheep had been hoping Unrivaled Super Hottie had some sort of mysterious solution. How could he have expected such an answer? He thought the same thing as Wolf Head and started to panic. When he saw how Wolf Head kept on pressing in this matter, he tried to stop him, but Unrivaled Super Hottie was faster: “Okay, should I find you a Cleric?”

Happy Sheep looked up at the sky and let out a long sigh. This name truly represented him, but arrogance should have a limit right?

“Bring a Cleric?” Wolf Head was slightly startled. Originally, he was about to lash out, but he suddenly had a change of thoughts and laughed: “Bring a Cleric? Two versus one?”

“Sure!” Unrivaled Super Hottie exclaimed.

“You’re pretty smart.” Wolf Head said.

“You think so?”

“If I bring a Cleric and I win. Then, there’s no way I can call that a victory, can I? He he, your request looks as if you’re taking a risk, but in reality, you’re putting yourself in an invincible position! Oh, that’s not right. You’ve definitely lost, so you’re putting your team in an unloseable situation. You really care about the team, don’t you!” Wolf Head said.

Happy Sheep also stared blankly for a moment. He hadn’t thought of doing this, but if it was actually true, it was quite a good method. However, Wolf Head had seen through his plan. He probably wouldn’t accept it now, would he?”   

“You’re always misunderstanding me. I’m saying the truth.” Unrivaled Super Hottie was helpless.

“Ha ha ha, don’t count on me being fooled. I’m going up alone.” Wolf Head said.

“Your stats were reduced because you just died. Why don’t you get your experience back first?”

“You want to stall for time?” Wolf Head sneered.

“......”

“No need. Let’s go back to the city!” Wolf Head said proudly. He became inspired after hearing the other side requesting a two versus one. His stats were reduced. With this disadvantage, if he beat the opponent, wouldn’t he appear even more powerful? Wolf Head began heading towards the city. 

“Where does he get all of that confidence from?” Unrivaled Super Hottie asked Happy Sheep.

“What?” Happy Sheep stared blankly for a good while. After a pause, he regained his composure: “Are you talking to me?”

“Yeah!”

“No way?” Happy Sheep couldn’t believe it.

“What?”

“That’s what other people should be saying about you! This “he” is referring to yourself, right?” Happy Sheep cried.

Wolf Head hadn’t gotten very far yet, so he heard them speak. He had misunderstood initially. He thought someone else was trash talking Unrivaled Super Hottie! He had been laughing inwardly, but who would have thought Unrivaled Super Hottie had been trash talking him!

Wolf Head immediately stopped and turned around: “Please! Open your eyes! Look at my Arena record before you continue talking!”

“Oh, got it.” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied, but then said to Happy Sheep: “Did you hear him? What he just said is my reason for confidence.”

“What are you talking about?” Happy Sheep was puzzled. Everyone was puzzled. Did Tomb in the Sky’s final boss make him go stupid?

“Fifty thousand matches. 75% win rate. Your skill has probably peaked. Those you can’t beat will never be beaten by you. As for those you can beat, after some time, you won’t be able to beat them anymore.” Unrivaled Super Hottie said.

“Arena! Hurry up! I really want to see what you’re made of!!” Wolf Head furiously roared and stomped off in the direction of the city.

Happy Sheep stood dumbly in place. After a while, he said: “You really are a natural Knight! You’ve got his aggro stabilized perfectly!”

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 574: 2v2
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Mist Earth City was the city closest to the teleportation formation in Tomb in the Sky. As a Level 70 city, this place was bustling with noise. Even though the Heavenly Domain covered a vast expanse of space, it couldn’t hold every player, so every city was packed like a large metropolis. If it wasn’t because players in the game didn’t need living space, it was hard to say if a city could even sustain such a large population.

When Ye Xiu set foot in the city, he also felt deeply moved. Fortunately, he was using an alternate account, otherwise, if Lord Grim had entered this bustling city, who knew what the scene would be like. The Club guilds had enormous influence and power. Not long after entering the city, Ye Xiu saw many characters with these guild tags walking around them. If he had walked in as Lord Grim, would there have been another pursuit all over the city like there had been last time? The Heavenly Domain didn’t have any safe places, which would prove to be quite troublesome. Suddenly needing to use the restroom en-route to some place could make a player very scared and on edge. 

However, a player’s wisdom was boundless. In the Heavenly Domain, was there really no way to be safe other than logging off? Of course not. Although it’s a bit ironic, the safest place to be was the PvP Arena.

The inside of the Arena looked similar to a stadium, but in reality, the Arena wasn’t considered part of the game’s scenery. It was more like a platform. In the Arena, players were completely safe because you couldn’t just rush into a huge crowd of players to attack them. If something unexpected came up, going into the Arena was a good choice. Unfortunately, this choice couldn’t be made by players out in the wild. Even though the Arena was a platform, a player could only enter the Arena through a city. Running all the way to the city in order to use the restroom clearly wasn’t worth the trouble. It would be much more efficient to just log off.

Both Happy Sheep’s team and Wolf Head’s team gathered at the Arena. They obviously weren’t there for safety reasons. As teams under the banner of the same guild, they were supposed to be in good relations with each other, so killing each other for equipment wasn’t likely to happen, but sparring in the Arena could be done if they wanted to let off some steam.

Wolf Head’s hostility towards Unrivaled Super Hottie had reached its peak. After leading his team into the Arena, he opened a room and notified Happy Sheep.

Along the way, Wolf Head gradually calmed down and began carefully preparing for the match.

As a player with 50,000 matches in the Arena, Wolf Head had a lot of experience in PvP battles. Unrivaled Super Hottie’s words angered him, but after thinking about it carefully, he also became somewhat fearful.

Because Unrivaled Super Hottie accurately pointed out a problem that he had been facing for a long time.

Wolf Head had reached a 75% win rate a long time ago, but afterwards, the only thing that increased was the number of matches that he played. His win rate was stagnant and stayed around 75% and never increased.

Opponents that he couldn’t beat before still couldn’t be beat by him.

And some of the opponents he used to be able to beat could now beat him. As their win rates went up, they became extremely difficult opponents for him.

Others might think that Unrivaled Super Hottie was taunting him, but this taunt hit too close to home. He had never met this guy before…

The more he felt like this person wasn’t simple, the less confident he became.

A short moment later, Happy Sheep brought his sheep into the Arena. Happy Sheep originally thought Wolf Head would jump on stage and loudly announce the match to everyone, but when he looked, Wolf Head wasn’t even on stage yet.  

“What is this guy scheming?” Happy Sheep felt uneasy! With his understanding of Wolf Head, when he looked at this scene, he immediately felt that something unexpected had happened.

“So you’ve finally arrived.” Just as he was thinking about it, Wolf Head spoke.

“Then, let’s start!” Wolf Head continued. Following afterwards, he appeared on stage, but it wasn’t just him. There was another person too!

Wolf Head, Wolf Claw.

“You…... shameless!!!” Happy Sheep immediately shouted.

Happy Sheep recognized Wolf Claw. Wolf Claw was the lead Cleric on Wolf Head’s team and wasn’t any less skilled than him. Unrivaled Super Hottie had asked if the other side wanted to bring a Cleric and Wolf Head responded with ridicule. However, now that it was actually time to start the match, he had actually brought a Cleric?

“Relax, I’m not going to fight two versus one. That wouldn’t count as a victory, so there’s no point. I’m saying that you guys can also send another person up for a 2v2.” Wolf Head said.

“2v2?” Happy Sheep was startled.

“No need. Just me alone is enough.” Unrivaled Super Hottie went on stage, “Let’s start!”

“Ah, you…….” Happy Sheep couldn’t stop him in time. Happy Sheep didn’t even have confidence in a 1v1, let alone a 1v2. In fear that they would actually start the match like this, Happy Sheep didn’t have time to think and immediately went on stage as well.

“What are you doing?” Unrivaled Super Hottie actually complained.

Happy Sheep was speechless. He had never met someone who didn’t know the difference between good and bad.

“Okay, if it’s a 2v2 fight, then it’s fair. No matter who wins or loses, there shouldn’t be any objections.” Wolf Head said.

“Sigh, whatever.” Unrivaled Super Hottie sounded regretful.  

Happy Sheep was nervous though. He felt like Wolf Head probably had some trick up his sleeve, but he couldn’t figure it out at this moment. This Unrivaled Super Hottie probably had one too. He had actually gone up by himself without hesitation. Even though winning a 2v1 wasn’t anything worth noting, the problem was that Wolf Head had analyzed this issue before. If he still planned on sticking with it, he must have some sort of other plan in mind too, right?

Happy Sheep felt like if he didn’t follow along with the other side’s plan, then it meant that he was ruining the other side’s plan, so he quickly joined.  

“Good, then shall we begin?” Wolf Head said and then clicked the start button.

The map chosen was the commonly used boxing arena. It was a rectangular map without any obstructions, but because it was a 2v2 match, the boxing arena expanded to accommodate, so it appeared a lot larger than normal. 

“What is he scheming?” Happy Sheep’s mind was still occupied by this question. The scene changed into the boxing arena. Wolf Head made the first move and directly charged at him.

It was a 2v2 and both teams had a Knight and Cleric. Without a doubt, the first priority target would be the Clerics. Wolf Head didn’t even give a greeting and directly rushed at him. Right when he thought he had seized the initiative, he heard someone curse from behind him: “F*ck!”

“What?” Wolf Head couldn’t turn his head around while charging forward, but up ahead, why was it only Happy Sheep in front of him?

Could it be…… that guy started moving towards Wolf Claw before he started moving?!

Right when Wolf Head had this thought, his character reached Happy Sheep. Happy Sheep was also distracted and was unable to dodge. He was hit by the Charge and sent flying.

Wolf Head hastily looked back. Sure enough, Unrivaled Super Hottie had also charged at the Cleric, even faster than he had. Happy Sheep had only just been sent flying, but Wolf Claw was already on the ground...... 

How did he do it?

Wolf Head was experienced though. As he thought about this question, he paid attention to Unrivaled Super Hottie’s and Wolf Claw’s positions.

It wasn’t a distance that Charge could cover! Wolf Head was familiar with the equipment that Knights used, so he knew that Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t have any equipment that increased Charge’s distance. If he started his skill from his initial position, Unrivaled Super Hottie must have moved a distance after using Charge. When he saw Wolf Claw crashing into the ground, Wolf Head immediately thought: could he have used a Charge and then followed up with a small jump into Heroic Leap??

Heroic Leap…… To leap such a small distance, his hands must be extremely nimble!

Wolf Head knew what was what. It was the class he played, after all. This detail immediately made him understand who was better, confirming his thoughts.

As expected, he wasn’t simple!

From this one move alone, Wolf Head lost all disdain for Unrivaled Super Hottie. Happy Sheep had fallen under his hand, but Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t even blink in their direction. He just continued to attack Wolf Claw. Wolf Head turned around and headed over to rescue him. Happy Sheep, who had been thrown to the side, wanted to cry! He was the Cleric, so why didn’t he feel protected? Unrivaled Super Hottie had left him to die as soon as the match started and didn’t even look in his direction when he was being attacked. Did Unrivaled Super Hottie really think that his existence was unnecessary?

But Happy Sheep’s goal was still victory. After healing himself, he prepared to help Unrivaled Super Hottie out.

Wolf Head quickly dashed back and used a Provoke in order to force Unrivaled Super Hottie to stop attacking Wolf Claw.

A white glow surrounded Unrivaled Super Hottie. He actually activated Knight’s Spirit at this time.

Wolf Head was surprised. He didn’t quite understand. If he didn’t want to be influenced by Provoke, he simply needed to activate Calm Like Water. Under Calm Like Water’s effects, he could dispel Provoke as well as status effects, such as Fear and Confusion. However, Knight’s Spirit didn’t have any effect.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 575: Rough Coordination
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

With Wolf Head’s experience, he knew that Unrivaled Super Hottie only had two options. He would either activate “Calm Like Water” to get rid of Provoke’s CC effect or he would take the opportunity to attack him. Unrivaled Super Hottie’s choice in using Knight’s Spirit had puzzled him, but he could see Unrivaled Super Hottie turning his head and charging at him, so Wolf Head immediately prepared to meet his attack. 

Wolf Head’s goal had been to stop Unrivaled Super Hottie from attacking Wolf Claw. From the looks of it, he had reached his goal, so now he needed to proceed to the next step. 

What he hadn’t thought of was that when Unrivaled Super Hottie turned around and took a step forward, Wolf Claw was suddenly swept along as Unrivaled Super Hottie’s rushed forward! Without giving Wolf Head any time to think, Unrivaled Super Hottie sped up.

Charge!

When Wolf Head saw this skill, he immediately realized why Unrivaled Super Hottie had activated Knight’s Spirit.

Apart from buffing many of the Knight’s skills, Knight’s Spirit had another usage. When Knight’s Spirit was activated, it would refresh the cooldown of all Knight skills.    

In other words, his Charge and Heroic Leap skill had originally been on cooldown, but the instant he had activated Knight’s Spirit, those skills would be up for use again.

And at this moment, Unrivaled Super Hottie was using a Heroic Charge to rush over. Under Provoke’s effects, his skill was locked onto Wolf Head. However, when he charged over, Wolf Claw was swept along. This wasn’t something that Provoke could stop.

When Provoke came out, Unrivaled Super Hottie had already begun moving towards him. He instantly activated Knight’s Spirit, grasped the angle between him and Wolf Claw, charged, and and brought Wolf Claw along with him........

Wolf Head felt dizzy just thinking about it and Unrivaled Super Hottie had actually done it all? 

Heroic Charge was too fast! Hitting Wolf Claw hadn’t slowed him down at all. Wolf Head suddenly woke up with a start. It was too late to dodge, so he hastily lifted up his shield in an attempt to defend and prepare to counterattack. 

When Unrivaled Super Hottie arrived in front of Wolf Head, he didn’t slam into Wolf Head’s shield. Unrivaled Super Hottie, as well as his sword, came crashing down from above.

Heroic Leap!

It had also originally been on cooldown, but because of Knight’s Spirit’s activation, it could be used again.

He had cancelled his Charge and switched to Heroic Leap to bypass the shield’s defenses.

His timing and jump height had been executed perfectly. Wolf Head could see the attack coming, but he couldn’t react in time.

The knight sword swung down!  

Heroic Justice Leap wouldn’t only dealt damage to Wolf Head, but also Wolf Claw.  

During the few seconds that Provoke had been active, not only did Unrivaled Super Hottie give him a good beating, even Wolf Claw couldn’t escape. Knight’s Spirit had buffed the attack, so the blow did even more damage than usual......

However, Wolf Head was someone with thousands of matches under his belt. He wouldn’t panic so easily.

He had failed to dodge Heroic Leap’s attack, but he immediately Quick Recovered, rolling away at a strange angle. He wanted to leave his opponent’s attack range.

But before he could stand up, Unrivaled Super Hottie’s shield slammed into his head with a Shield Attack.   

His roll didn’t have any effect. Unrivaled Super Hottie had caught him once again.

This was because Unrivaled Super Hottie was still Provoked! With the system helping him guide his attacks, it didn’t matter where Wolf Head rolled towards, because he wouldn’t be able to escape!

Thinking of this reason, Wolf Head wanted to cry. His own Provoke caused him to become depressed, but right now, he could only stand there in a daze because of the Dizzy effect from the Shield Attack. 

Provoke’s effects wore off at this moment. Unrivaled Super Hottie ignored the stunned Wolf Head and immediately charged back towards Wolf Claw to attack him.

Another skill was used. Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t waste his Knight’s Spirit. He was always attacking. Any skill with a buff was used on Wolf Claw. Wolf Claw wanted to clear Wolf Head’s Dizzy effect, but at this moment, he didn’t even know how to survive.......

The spectators were dumbstruck.

It was supposed to be a 2v2 match, but apart from the beginning of the match, it was a complete 1v2.

Happy Sheep had already been forgotten.

He had rushed forward to help, but he didn’t know where to start. Unrivaled Super Hottie’s attacking methods made him unable to coordinate with him at all. Whenever he thought of what he could do to help, the opportunity to do so had already passed.

Not only were Unrivaled Super Hottie’s attacks difficult for the opponent to deal with, but it was difficult for his own ally to keep up with.

This was what Wolf Head had initially been hoping for.

Why did he suddenly ask for a 2v2? Because of this exact reason.

He was worried about Unrivaled Super Hottie’s skill and didn’t have much confidence in a 1v1. Thus, he proposed a 2v2. It seemed fair, but since Unrivaled Super Hottie had only just joined Happy Sheep’s team. It didn’t matter who he partnered up with. There was no way they would be able to coordinate with each other well, but for his side? He and Wolf Claw were known for their synergy with each other. One side had a one plus one is greater than two duo, while the other side had a one plus one is less than two duo. Since that happened to be the case, wouldn’t his chances of victory be much higher?

Wolf Head’s calculations had been correct. Right now, Unrivaled Super Hottie and Happy Sheep didn’t have any sort of synergy with each other, but what he hadn’t expected was that Unrivaled Super Hottie could crush the two of them single handedly.

Letting him bring a Cleric for a 1v2...... he hadn’t been joking?

After the Dizzy effect wore off, this notion was firmly rooted in Wolf Head’s mind. Unrivaled Super Hottie continued to attack Wolf Claw, as if he had forgotten the duration of the Dizzy status effect from Shield Attack.

Wolf Head just stood on the sidelines in a daze. If he tried to go after Happy Sheep, he wouldn’t be able to kill him before Unrivaled Super Hottie killed Wolf Claw and it would become a 2v1 situation.

Wolf Head could only charge towards Unrivaled Super Hottie in an attempt to rescue Wolf Claw from death.

He activated Knight’s Spirit and prepared to launch a chain of attacks. Soon, his first attack hit Unrivaled Super Hottie’s body. He felt a bit surprised at how smoothly everything had gone.

Wasn’t it a little too easy?

Against such a skilled expert, Wolf Head’s first attack had been a cover up. He was thinking about how he should react to his opponent’s retaliation. Then, he thought about how he should chain his attacks and gain control the situation to rescue Wolf Claw.

However, Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t do anything. He just took the cover up attack, which didn’t deal that much damage.

Could this guy not care about defending???  

Wolf Head suddenly felt like this might be the case. It was a common bad habit for PvE players. In PvE, players held the initiative. If the player couldn’t solo the boss, then they would bring a team next time, but in PvP, a player could only rely on his or her own efforts to beat the opponent. 

With new found confidence, Wolf Head immediately attacked again.

Sure enough, Unrivaled Super Hottie let the attack hit him. 

“Ha ha ha ha, so it’s like this!” Wolf Head was delighted and threw out skill after skill.

The scene suddenly looked very strange, which made all of the spectators confused. At this moment, Unrivaled Super Hottie suddenly yelled: “The one over there. What are you doing standing there doing nothing? Do you even know how to heal?” 

“Huh? Oh!” Happy Sheep had just been standing there, watching dumbly. He had already considered himself as one of the spectators and had forgotten that he was one of the participants.

A holy white light surrounded Unrivaled Super Hottie’s body and the health he had lost from Wolf Head’s attacks quickly came back.

Wolf Head was startled.

This was a PvE strategy. It was a very rough and simple strategy. The Knight would tank the monster, while the Cleric healed the Knight’s health back up.

Who could have thought that such a strategy would appear in a PvP match? Happy Sheep’s healing completely negated Wolf Head’s damage.

What’s going on? The experienced Wolf Head felt a bit stupid. He quickly reassessed the situation.

Wolf Claw kept on being pounded by Unrivaled Super Hottie. His first priority was to rescue Wolf Claw, but Unrivaled Super Hottie was completely ignoring his attacks. Whenever he dealt some damage, Happy Sheep would immediately heal him back to full. If this continued, Wolf Claw would fall and the two would do the same to him, no?  

F*ck!  

How could such a stupid and simple strategy work?

But the problem was how  he would resolve the situation?

He had to interrupt Unrivaled Super Hottie’s attacks! Damage was secondary. The important part was interrupting his attacks, so he could let Wolf Claw escape.

Wolf Head came up with a plan and immediately slammed his shield forward. He wanted to CC Unrivaled Super Hottie with a Dizzy.

But this time, Unrivaled Super Hottie suddenly turned a little bit and lifted his shield.

Bang! The two shields hit each other.

The attack still did some damage, but the shield blocked the Dizzy effect.

Pu! 

Unrivaled Super Hottie had blocked Wolf Head’s attack, but he didn’t stop attacking Wolf Claw either.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 576: Tree Trunk PvP
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

Repeating ceaselessly, the same sound evoked different emotions in the spectator’s ears. 

To the players from Happy Sheep's team, this sound only brought joy to their hearts. For the players from Wolf Head’s team, they could feel their hearts breaking with every strike. Wolf Head attacked over and over again. Unrivaled Super Hottie ignored all of the strikes that only dealt damage. However, every attempt to interrupt his attacks was blocked by his shield. 

As a result, all of Wolf Head’s efforts were wasted. With Happy Sheep healing from the side, Wolf Head’s attacks were nothing to Unrivaled Super Hottie. On the other side, Wolf Head’s partner, Wolf Claw was barely hanging on. His health was slipping deeper and deeper into the danger zone. 

This… Is this the true power of a top-tier tank? 

All of the spectators had this sort of thought.

This was indeed a PvP match, but Unrivaled Super Hottie’s dominating strategy screamed PvE. A top tier tank’s control over their shield had to be perfectly skillful like this. The scene in front of them clearly conveyed that: all of Wolf Head’s problematic attacks were deflected by Unrivaled Super Hottie’s shield. Everyone agreed that this type of skill must have been forged through countless fights with monsters.   

A usually unpredictable PvP match had been molded into a PvE style battle. On top of that, Wolf Head and Wolf Claw could do nothing about it. 

Among the two, one of them was doing everything he could think of, but nothing worked. The other one had thought of countless ideas. However, since the beginning of the match, what could he do? 

Nothing, absolutely nothing. Since the moment the match began, the only thing Wolf Claw could do was get beaten down.

Was it going to end just like this? 

Wolf Head found it harder and harder to believe as he watched Wolf Claw’s HP continue to fall lower and lower. He never imagined that a match could end in such a way. Could this Unrivaled Super Hottie’s skill be forged solely through his battles with monsters? Not necessarily! PvE could develop mechanical skill, but it could not nurture such awareness. To defend with a shield, one must be able to predict the opponent’s attacks. Unrivaled Super Hottie hadn’t made a single mistake regarding such prediction so far. This alone was enough to prove the vast amount of PvP experience he had. 

The problem was that he only had around 2000 Arena matches! Some of those were even fought by other people! How could he possibly have gathered any experience?

Or did it mean that his PvP experience was accumulated in the wild? 

The battles in the wild were undoubtedly more chaotic than the ones carried out in the Arena. Because if the player didn’t bet in the Arena, then the match would simply be a matter of victory or defeat. However, every fight in the wild was a gamble. The loser could lose experience and equipment. Therefore, battles in the wild required more mental strength than fights in the Arena. In the Arena, after many matches, the player would eventually grow numb towards the result. On the other hand, in the wild, under such pressure, the player would never grow numb towards the result. As a result, there were quite a number of players who had lost all interest in the orderly battles in the Arena. Instead, they would go around the wild to “hunt”.

Was this person one of those experts?

Wolf Head was scared now. In contrast with the Arena matches, fights in the wild usually involved more complicated situations. In addition, these fights rarely started fairly: you could start at an advantage or at a disadvantage. In general, players who preferred fights in the wild were much better at dealing with complex and disadvantageous situations than regular players, who liked the Arena better. Compared to the wild, the Arena seemed more like delicate flowers.

After figuring out that Unrivaled Super Hottie was an expert of the wild, Wolf Head, who knew his own skills were inferior to his opponent’s, became even more afraid. His attacks weren’t as fierce as before.

Watching from the sidelines, Happy Sheep was a bit confused. He found it strange that a PvP battle could develop into such a situation. Even though he wasn’t as experienced as Wolf Head, as a long-time player, Happy Sheep still knew that this situation was created entirely by Unrivaled Super Hottie. But did this scene prove Unrivaled Super Hottie’s expertise in PvE or PvP battles? Happy Sheep could hardly tell the difference. Nonetheless, the situation in front of him was undoubtedly the most classic scene of a PvE monster fight...... 

The scared Wolf Head didn’t even have thoughts of going all out. He continued to whack Unrivaled Super Hottie sluggishly. His attacks were becoming automated and he practically transformed into a stationary attacking tower. As the repetitive metallic sounds of shield and armor continued to clank, the match reached its peak.

This kind of stationary battle was the simplestt, but also the most boring. Clearly, it was very unlikely for the current situation to change much now. Everyone was waiting for the moment Wolf Claw fell. Once that happened, then this match would be set in stone. 

The audience didn’t have to wait for long. Wolf Claw, who did nothing but get chopped since the beginning of the match, finally fell. In that same moment, Wolf Head gave up all hope and stopped attacking. He directly surrendered and left the match.

The atmosphere was somewhat cold. 

Despite the quick pacing at the beginning that ignited the audience’s excitement, this match ended rather unexpectedly. 

There were no up and downs, no excitement, nothing. It couldn’t have ended more dully.

The start had everyone’s hearts in their throats, but the ending didn’t even allow their hearts to fall back down. The match steadily trapped their hearts there uncomfortably. Everyone felt that the match hadn’t been good. Regardless of which side won, neither side felt satisfied.

“Leader! Let me try!” 

This person was from Wolf Head’s Party. Some had found their defeat unreasonable and humiliating. For the sake of their pride, many were demanding a rematch. As for Wolf Head? Only he, who had experienced the battle for himself, could understand the helplessness that he felt. Even though he had analyzed the situation, even though he knew how to change the situation and attempted to do so… the result was the same: not the slightest thing changed. If he would have known, then he would rather have attacked Happy Sheep. Even though that would have gotten the same result, at least he wouldn’t feel like choking on bitterness now. 

Wolf Head didn’t know what he could say to the eager players who wanted a match. He understood how they felt. If he had watched such a match from the sidelines, he would definitely want a match to turn the mood around. The was because, from the views of the spectators, they thought of many ways of disrupting Unrivaled Super Hottie’s attacks. However, only by being there in person would they discover that all of these ideas would have been useless. Didn’t Wolf Head try? But the crucial strikes would always be blocked by the opponent’s shield. 

“No need.” Wolf Head sighed, “It’s useless.

“Leader, you and him are of the same class. He knew Knights too well. If it were any other class, then it definitely wouldn’t have been the same!” Someone cried out. 

Upon hearing this, Wolf Head’s heart shook with realization. 

Right! He himself had been wondering how Unrivaled Super Hottie saw through every trick of his, but now he knew. He had overlooked such a fundamental factor: they were of the same class. Due to the extreme familiarity both parties possessed regarding the other, matches between the same class tended to be boring and have little entertainment value. The result of this particular match was an extreme example, but… Wolf Head suddenly found the excuse “because we are of the same class” quite plausible.

“Let me try!” The players of Wolf’s Party were fairly upright. Without the words of their leader, none of them would go up and challenge Unrivaled Super Hottie on their own. 

Meanwhile, on Happy Sheep’s side, things were unusually quiet. Although they had won the match , it had not been a glorious victory. WIth no dramatic ambience to speak of, it was as if all that happened was a weak monster that guarded the gateway of a dungeon had been killed. If everyone started cheering in delight, the scene would be rather weird. 

After all, Wolf Head’s team and Happy Sheep’s team both belonged to Tyrannical Ambition, so the competition between them had always been constructive. They weren’t actually enemies, so they didn’t only seek the end results, but rather mutual benefit. What they needed was the process. As of now, the overly mundane process left them unsatisfied. Even the act of bragging about their victory felt hollow. Therefore, despite being the victors, no one from Happy Sheep’s Party went over to Wolf ’s Head Party to laugh at their failure. 

“Unrivaled Super Hottie, do you dare to have a match with me?”

At this moment, someone from Wolf Head’s Party issued a challenged. 

The victory didn’t bring much joy to Happy Sheep’s Party, but it brought much bitterness and discomfort to the Wolf Head’s team, so they were eager to prove themselves.

“What? After seeing the last fight, you still want to fight me?” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied. 

“Useless words.”“Is there a need?” Unrivaled Super Hottie gave an unexpected answer. Happy Sheep and the others thought he would jump in again without asking for the team’s opinion. 

“Are you trying to run after taking a victory?” The opponent started to mock him.

“Is it because you thought the match was too boring and the victory wasn’t beautiful?” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied. 

“Exactly! If it were me….”

“If it were you, it would have being the same.” Unrivaled Super Hottie interrupted. 

“Come on! Show me!” The player had already entered. He was a Launcher. Similarly, he brought a Cleric with him. 

“Last one!” Unrivaled Super Hottie said and entered. Then he asked Happy Sheep’s team: “I need a Cleric.”

“I can do it!” Happy Sheep entered by himself. 

“Ready?” The opponent asked coldly. 

“Start!”

As soon as the match started, the Launcher began attacking, but with a slight sidestep, Unrivaled super Hottie easily dodged the attack. Immediately, the latter followed up with a Knight Spirit. This was a rule within the Arena:, all cool downs would be reset at the start of a new match.

Right after Knight Spirit was activated, Unrivaled Super Hottie charged forward. The Launcher was expecting it. He jumped and tried to avoid it with an Aerial Cannon, but who would have thought that Unrivaled Super Hottie’s Charge would curve instead of go in a straight line? The Heroic Charge came in from a strange angle and slammed the Launcher back into the ground. The skill hadn’t finished  yet. Pushing the Launcher along with him, the curved continued to stretch around the Arena. The Cleric had never imagined that the Charge would even come close to him. Unable to dodge in time, the Cleric was hit!

The Heroic Leap that followed smashed into both of them. Unrivaled Super Hottie then stunned the Launcher with a Shield Attack and focused on the Cleric.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 577:  Replicating Victory
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

The Launcher had planned on taking the initiative from the beginning, but after just a single skill, the last match repeated itself again. As a matter of fact, it was worse since he had fallen into hot water right away. Wolf Head had at least thrown out a Provoke against Unrivaled Super Hottie and attacked Happy Sheep at the beginning of the match.

However, players weren’t NPCs. Even though the Cleric was entirely powerless under Unrivaled Super Hottie’s control, the Launcher would be cleared of the stunned state eventually. Wolf Head’s players were brainstorming on how to deal with this type of situation. Meanwhile, the Launcher was preparing for his next move.

The moment the stun duration ended, the Launcher retread by using an Aerial Fire. As expected, Unrivaled Super Hottie paid no attention to him. Then, the Launcher propped his cannon on his shoulder. With a blue flash, an X-1 Extruder missile came flying out from the cannon’s barrel some distance away. 

Glory had numerous skills with various CC effects, and blocking with a shield could negate many of those effects, but not all of them. X-1 Extruder’s effect of attracting the target then dragging the target away was one of these spells. The Launcher clearly knew this, so he started off with this move that would render the shield’s block ineffective, wondering what Unrivaled Super Hottie could possibly do to counter it. 

Nonetheless, Unrivaled Super Hottie seemed to oblivious towards the impending missile as he did completely ignored it. Only when he was about to enter the suction effect’s range did he swing out his sword horizontally: a Repel. He obviously manipulated this skill a bit since the Cleric wasn’t pushed the maximum distance away. While the Cleric slid away, Unrivaled Super Hottie also shifted forward, along with the Cleric.

The scene looked like two ghosts drifting. Everyone soon realized that Unrivaled Super Hottie had entered the X-1 Extruder’s effect range and was being dragged by the missile. Facing the incoming missile, Unrivaled Super Hottie swung out his shield, not in an attempt to block, but rather to attack. He didn’t activate a skill though. This attack wouldn’t have any special effects. It would only deal small amounts of damage, but it still successfully detonated the missile. 

At such close distance, the explosion would obviously hurt Unrivaled Super Hottie, but with his shield in front of him, the shockwave caused by the explosion wouldn’t push him away. As for the damage taken… wasn’t Happy Sheep starting to chant with his cross in the air? 

The Cleric remained within Unrivaled Super Hottie’s grip. All the possible interference caused by the X-1 Extruder were completely negated by Unrivaled Super Hottie’s maneuvers. Even though the attempt had done some damage, hadn’t Unrivaled Super Hottie also been taking damage from Wolf Head in the last match, but then healed by Happy Sheep?

The Launcher was clearly surprised, seeing his plan being dealt with so easily. But the Launcher had more tricks up his sleeves. Roaming, Mechanical Seeker, Demolition, Satellite Beam… Skills activated one after another, each with a thoughtful plan laid out. Finally, this match was no longer dull in the eyes of the spectators. Everyone wondered how Unrivaled Super Hottie would nullify all of these powerful attacks.

In the end, whether it was by dodging, blocking with his shield, running around, standing still, taking the attack, or not taking the attack, Unrivaled Super Hottie dispelled every attack. The only thing that didn’t change was the fact that the Cleric remained standing there, getting beaten up.

“Impossible!” The Launcher finally ran out of ideas, but the situation hadn’t changed in the slightest. The only thing that changed compared to the previous match was the helplessness of the close quarter fighter had turned into that of the long-range combatant’s.

The Launcher had no more plans. If he were to attack again, he could only employ his previously used  strategies. Unrivaled Super Hottie might make a mistake, but would a single lucky chance be able to solve the fundamental issue? That chance could only allow the Cleric to heal himself a little before falling back into Unrivaled Super Hottie’s grasp again. If the Cleric could truly get out of this crisis, then the battle wouldn’t have been like this from the start. 

The Launcher knew that this time, he hadn’t become the savior of his team. Instead, he stood shoulder to shoulder with his team leader Wolf Head in another embarrassing defeat. The Cleric eventually died, but during that time, the Launcher didn’t stay idle. He pointed his cannon at Happy Sheep. Poor Happy Sheep dashed around all over the Arena field, but Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t show the slightest bit of interest in rescuing him. On the other hand, this Launcher was desperate to kill him to save himself some face before Unrivaled Super Hottie killed off his Cleric.

However, he had switched targets too late. Even though Unrivaled Super Hottie’s equipment was weaker, the Launcher still couldn’t catch up. In addition, the Cleric of Wolf Head’s team was much more obedient than Happy Sheep. He looked like he was just standing there, taking the attacks.

Was the Cleric doing this on purpose? Of course not! His current sorry state was entirely because of Unrivaled Super Hottie’s manipulations.

In that moment, Wolf Head finally came to this realization. 

Everyone focused on how Unrivaled Super Hottie nullified all of the Launcher’s attempts to disrupt him. However, all of thom overlooked how Unrivaled Super Hottie’s endless strikes suppressed the enemy Cleric into obedience. 

Clerics didn’t have many offensive abilities, but turning a player-controlled character into a ragdoll was still a difficult task. 

“Is this… also developed from PvE?” Wolf Head, who was very familiar with Knights, observed Unrivaled Super Hottie’s maneuvers attentively. Unfortunately, the Cleric had long since given up, so Wolf Head couldn’t figure out how Unrivaled Super Hottie dealt with the Cleric in detail. Thinking back now… all he remembered was how Unrivaled Super Hottie had cancelled the Launcher’s attacks. 

Up until the Cleric fell, Wolf Head wasn’t able to get much information. Right after the Cleric fell, Unrivaled Super Hottie changed direction and charged straight at the Launcher. The Launcher tried to maintain some distance, but Unrivaled Super Hottie caught him after a few attempts. 

“Hm? This could be a good chance to watch too!” Wolf Head suddenly thought, wondering if Unrivaled Super Hottie would turned the Launcher into another sandbag. At the same time, Wolf Head regretted quitting right after Wolf Claw’s defeat. If he had fought with Unrivaled Super Hottie himself, he would know his capabilities much better. 

Unfortunately, the Launcher replicated the entire last match, even Wolf Head’s decision at the last moment. Upon seeing the defeat of the Cleric and that the match had turned into a two versus one battle, the Launcher surrendered. Gloom loomed over Wolf Head, but he couldn’t say anything. After all, he had been the one to set this example.

For this kind of match, one victory felt awkward and dull. However, there were two victories now and the second match was an exact replica of the first one. During both matches, the opponents were completely powerless. This demonstrated the true power of the victor. After the second victory, cheers, applause, and congratulations exploded out of Happy Sheep’s team. Quite a number of them shouted, “Do you accept it now, you wolves?”

How could the wolves accept such infuriating matches so easily? But what would be the point of objecting now? The other side would just say “then try again” and Unrivaled Super Hottie would slap them to death again.

Everyone in Wolf Head’s team was unhappy. Wolf Head was powerless to do anything. In the end, he could only say “Let’s go,” and all of the players in Wolf’s Party left dejectedly. 

“Bro, incredible!” Upon seeing Wolf Head’s team taking their leave, Happy Sheep’s anxiety finally disappeared. His heart was filled with joy. 

Today, not only did they surpass their long time rival in terms of dungeon progress, but they also beat them in the Arena, which had long since been their weak spot. Even though these had only been possible because of Unrivaled Super Hottie’s presence, today was still a day to remember. 

“Incredible!!” There was not a single player in the team who was unhappy with Unrivaled Super Hottie. Everyone praised their hero with joy. 

“Haha, didn’t I say it earlier? This is what I’m good at.” Unrivaled Super Hottie responded. 

“Yes, yes.” Everyone nodded in agreement. 

“If there isn’t anything anymore, then shall we call it a day?” Unrivaled Super Hottie said, preparing to leave.

Happy Sheep sighed, “Bro, you’re so skilled. Once you join the guild, you’ll quickly be put into the elite team. When that happens, don’t forget about us!” 

“Of course.” Unrivaled Super Hottie laughed. 

The players of Sheep’s Party flocked over one after another to add Unrivaled Super Hottie on their friend list, bidding their goodbyes unwillingly. The hundred-player dungeon was rather time consuming. Despite having maintained a pretty normal schedule for the past few days, Ye Xiu still dragged it well into the night. Chen Guo and Tang Rou had left awhile ago. Even though Chen Guo was still curious about Ye Xiu’s intention for joining Tyrannical Ambition, she still couldn’t find any interest in watching, seeing that they were still running dungeons. Although her skill wasn’t that high, she had been one of the members of the main force in Excellent Era back then. The team that she was in had a much better progress in the dungeon. In Chen Guo’s eyes, these people’s skill levels were on the low side.

After saying goodbye to the players of Sheep’s Party, Ye Xiu called it a day. However, the players of Sheep’s Party had no such plans. They were obviously planning on pulling an all-nighter. As of now, they were still together chatting. The focus was none other than the expert Knight that they had met today. 

The majority of the conversations were about how incredible this person was.“I can’t see it. All I know is that there is no way for me to become that skillful.” The main tank, Seven Blossom Leaves, replied after being asked.

“I played once with the guild’s main force once. I think his skills are on the same level as our branch guild’s number one Knight, Flight.” Happy Sheep said.

“That’s the main tank of the elite party! He’s that good?!” Someone exclaimed. Flight, the number one Knight of the fourth branch guild, was already an unbelievable existence to the players in that guild. 

“He might even be better.” Happy Sheep spoke.

“Oh? Why would you say that?” Seven Blossom Leaves asked. 

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 578: The People from Tyrannical Ambition
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Happy Sheep’s analysis received the approval of the other Clerics on the team. They all expressed that, if their team had such a tank, then running dungeons would be very easy. Praising another tank in front of the team was usually considered offensive to the other tanks, but Seven Blossom Leaves himself was also completely convinced by Unrivaled Super Hottie’s skill, therefore, no one in Happy Sheep’s team had any misgivings. As for the second, third, and fourth tank, if even the main tank was neglected, then nothing needed to be said about them.After discussing everything, everyone gasped in admiration. Happy Sheep didn’t want to dampen the mood, but in the end, he found it uncomfortable to hold these words within his heart. Thus, Happy Sheep called for everyone to recognize that it would be hard for such an expert to a permanent member of their team.

Many of the players in the team had been worried about this fact earlier. Now that they heard their team leader say it himself, they all felt that it was a pity. In the first half of the night, they were pushed to the peak of excitement in waves, but after hearing this news, everyone couldn’t help but feel somewhat disappointed.“Sigh……” Someone sighed and the conversation ended.

However, the news of Happy Sheep’s team completing Tomb in the Sky spread throughout the guild. There were many hundred-man teams in the guild and many of them had also been stuck on Tomb in the Sky, just like Happy Sheep’s team had been. The fourth and fifth branch guilds would often compete against each other. Being in the same guild didn't mean that there was a lot of teamwork and friendship. Games are more fun, when there’s competition. Levels, skill, equipment, anything that could be compared would be compared.

Now that Happy Sheep’s team had reached a completely new height in the dungeon, the players on his team were naturally very willing to share their joy with others. There were all sorts of responses in the chat. Some congratulated them, while others asked for help. Some were envious, and so on.

At this moment, Happy Sheep received a message from his guild leader: “You’ve cleared Tomb in the Sky?”

“Yeah……” Happy Sheep couldn’t help but reply. He wished that the guild leader wouldn’t notice what had happened and would just forget about Unrivaled Super Hottie’s existence for the time being so they could spend a few more days with the pro. It was a pity that passing the dungeon was considered a big deal, so the guild leader came to ask him the moment he received the notice.

“How did Unrivaled Super Hottie perform?” The guild leader asked. 

Happy Sheep took a deep breath and spoke honestly. “It was only thanks to him that we cleared the dungeon. It would have been impossible otherwise.”“Oh?”Upon that, Happy Sheep informed the guild leader of all of Unrivaled Super Hottie’s spectacular performances, including his PVP performance after the conflict with the fifth branch’s Wolf Head.

“How good do you think his skills are?” The guild leader then asked. 

“No lower than Flight.” Happy Sheep replied. 

The value of this appraisal was not light at all! Flight was the head knight of the fourth branch, and Tyrannical Ambition's fourth branch was considered a top tier guild in the view of Heavenly Domain players. It couldn’t be compared with guilds created by normal players. The only guilds that were stronger would be the main guilds of the different Clubs. A top Knight of such a guild in the Heavenly Domain was very impressive.

“Oh.” The guild leader was unsure as to how to react towards Happy Sheep’s high appraisal. “Is he still on?”

“He’s offline.” Happy Sheep replied. 

“Then let’s talk about it tomorrow!” The guild leader spoke.

Ye Xiu slept very late that night, but he didn’t get up too late in the morning. He met Chen Guo when he woke up, who instantly asked about yesterday’s final result.

“Cleared!” Ye Xiu said..

“How did those guys act afterwards?” Chen Guo asked.

“Probably kneeling on all fours out of admiration?” Ye Xiu guessed.

“......”

After breakfast, they headed to the private room to game. When Unrivaled Super Hottie logged on, no one on his friends’ list was online. Happy Sheep’s team hadn’t slept all night yesterday, so they were still offline and had stopped work for the day. Ye Xiu logged onto his Unrivaled Super Hottie’s account, but he didn’t play on it. He found a computer besides Tang Rou and logged onto Lord Grim. “Are you just going to stand there and wait for your death!” Chen Guo was able to roughly guess Ye Xiu’s intention. If the two accounts were logged in at the same time, it would prevent people from associating Unrivaled Super Hottie with Ye Xiu! If this were in the past, no matter how good a player was in the game, no one would ever imagine this player would be a God. But now, a God mingling among them was not a secret anymore between the big guilds. Now that the major guilds had been tossed around multiple  times, they had to be more cautious. Even though it wasn’t hard to log onto multiple accounts at the same time, it was necessary. It wouldn’t be too hard to connect the dots if two experts with supposedly no connection would, coincidentally, never appear online at the same time.

After Chen Guo finished dumping Unrivaled Super Hottie in the Arena, she paid no more attention to him. She went over to ask what Ye Xiu was planning to do with Lord Grim.

“Leveling up through dungeons!” As he spoke, Lord Grim had already logged online. He scanned his friends list and to his surprise, he found One Inch Ash online. Ye Xiu was about to message him, but One Inch Ash was already one step ahead: “Good morning, senior.” 

“Good morning, good morning, are you free?” Ye Xiu asked. Pro-gamers also had work to attend to. Even though he would also be playing, it was a different type of playing. Killing time in the game counted as being quite free.

“Yes……”

“Want to enter a dungeon?” Ye Xiu asked.“Sure!” Qiao Yifan wished to follow God and get some advice. Playing together was exactly what he wanted.

“Do you want me to come along?” Chen Guo also responded to Ye Xiu’s “Leveling up through dungeons.”

“Sure!” Ye XIu agreed.

Upon hearing this, Chen Guo didn’t log into her tenth server account, but logged onto Chasing Haze instead. Ye Xiu invited her into the team and called for Qiao Yifan. He gave him a location and the three people went there to meet up.

Level 55 was Heavenly Domain’s lowest-level dungeon, but it was definitely not beginner friendly like the beginner village in the normal servers. However, Chen Guo was on her Level 70 main account and there were two pro level players. It went without saying that the three could easily complete a small five-man dungeon. 

Chasing Haze had strong equipment, so she naturally became the main DPS unit. Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash assisted Chasing Haze, while he paid attention to controlling the battlefield. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim, on the other hand, ran back and forth like a fireman, doing everything. As the three people worked together, they advanced through the dungeon fairly quickly. Chasing Haze was more than capable of soloing this Level 55 five man dungeon. It goes without saying what would happen with the addition of two experts helping her.

“How is it? What knowledge have you recently gained as a Phantom Demon?” The dungeon wasn’t difficult, so Ye Xiu started a conversation with Qiao Yifan. 

Wasn’t this why he was following Ye Xiu? He instantly reported to Ye Xiu about what he had experienced for Ye Xiu to advise him on.

Ye Xiu gave him some tips, while letting Qiao Yifan experiment on the dungeon’s mobs. Even though Lord Grim could only use Sword Formation, he could still demonstrate it.

“Good good, not bad, not bad.” Ye Xiu watched Qiao Yifan’s performance and complimented him. “That’s the general idea. However these dungeon mobs are brain-dead. In a real competition setting, it will definitely not be as easy as it is now. The NPC doesn’t know your intentions, so they can easily be manipulated by you. However, it’s different with players. They can predict your intentions and will naturally try to interfere. They might even beat you at your own game. Therefore, your thoughts must not be set by this training. The changes that occur in competitive matches are always more than you can ever imagine.”

“I understand.” Qiao Yifan responded. 

As a result, the trio continued to clear the dungeon until they couldn’t anymore. All the questions Qiao Yifan had piled up were all answered. Also, it was obvious that he didn’t just leave the questions there to wait for Ye Xiu to answer. He always had his own thoughts too like a pro. Qiao Yifan was unlike Tang Rou or Steamed Bun Invasion who needed Ye Xiu to specifically guide them every step along the way. Sometimes, Ye Xiu only needed to say a few words and Qiao Yifan would be able to locate the problems. In fact, Ye Xiu didn’t teach him much on the mechanical side. Ye Xiu mostly taught him his own experiences and have Qiao Yifan learn about them. Experience couldn’t be gained just through talking about it, but this method would tell him what to be aware of, so when Qiao Yifan experiences these circumstances himself, he’ll have an idea of what to do.

The morning passed like this. Qiao Yifan obviously couldn’t play forever. He had to log off in the afternoon. After Ye Xiu returned from lunch, he continued to use Lord Grim, until Chen Guo noticed that someone had messaged Unrivaled Super Hottie. She called out to Ye Xiu, who decisively dumped Lord Grim aside and sped to her side.

“Hey, what do I do with this?” Lord Grim was in middle of a dungeon, but was then just thrown to the side.

“Just leave him! I can continue afterwards.” Ye Xiu said. 

Heavenly Domain’s second safe place: the dungeon. 

“Then I’ll just leave him here.” Chen Guo spoke as she logged off Chasing Haze. If she logged on again, she would appear in the same place in the dungeon. If a player entered a dungeon, there were no other way to leave apart from dying or clearing the dungeon. 

As for Unrivaled Super Hottie, he received a message from Happy Sheep. Ye Xiu looked and saw that Happy Sheep was asking where he was. 

“Mist Earth CIty?” Ye Xiu replied. 

“Okay. Our guild’s boss would like to meet you!” Happy Sheep replied afterwards.“Where?” Ye Xiu asked.

“We’re at Luxuriant Mountain City.” Happy Sheep said. 

“Ok, I’ll come over.” Ye Xiu replied and had Unrivaled Super Hottie leave the Arena. Luxuriant Mountain City was also a Level 70 city. It shared a teleportation array with Mist Earth City, so it saved a lot of trouble traveling there. 

After being transported to Luxuriant Mountain City and asking Happy Sheep for his location, he saw a team of players bearing the Tyrannical Ambition fourth branch title. Happy Sheep was among them. When he saw Unrivaled Super Hottie coming over, he hurriedly called out. After coming to the front, Ye Xiu scanned the team of people’s sparkling equipment. With just a glance, he instantly knew that these players were not like Happy Sheep’s group who aimed for moderately difficult dungeons. These people were probably the elite members of Tyrannical Ambition’s fourth guild.

“Loyal Hear, Flight, Burning Mountain......” Chen Guo clicked her tongue as she watched Ye Xiu’s screen, already sighing.

“Oh? You know them?” Ye Xiu asked.

“All of them. They belong to Tyrannical Ambition!” Chen Guo spoke. She originated from 

Excellent Dynasty and Tyrannical Ambition was their sworn enemy. Wasn’t there a saying? The people who understood you the most were your enemies.

“Woah!It’s Wandering Peak” When Ye Xiu tilted his camera, it caused Chen Guo to see another person, which made Chen Guo exclaim. 

“Huh? Who’s that?” Ye Xiu looked at an Elementalist.

“You don’t even know him? He’s the guild leader of Tyrannical Ambition!!” Chen Guo spoke. 

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 579: Starting at the Top
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Wandering Peak was Jiang You’s main account in the Heavenly Domain and Tyrannical Ambition’s guild leader. Ye Xiu had interacted with him in the tenth server before, but he hadn’t really cared. In his eyes, there was no difference between Cold Night or Jiang You.

A famous name like Wandering Peak didn’t need any tags next to his name. For Glory’s players, in terms of reputation, the guild leaders of these top-tier guilds weren’t any less renowned than pro players. All of them could be considered public figures. Wandering Peak didn’t need a “Guild Leader” tag for people to recognize him.

As Ye Xiu moved Unrivaled Super Hottie forward, Happy Sheep introduced who was who. Besides their IDs, Happy Sheep also told him their titles in the guild. It’s like how in real life, whenever people introduce someone else, people always tells others about that someone else’s job. However, several of the titles sounded kind of funny to Ye Xiu. For example, Tyrannical Ambition fourth branch’s number one Knight and so on. There were just too many adjectives attached to the title. However, none of the adjectives could be removed. Get rid of Tyrannical Ambition? Then, the title wouldn’t seem very impressive. Get rid of fourth branch? It wouldn’t be the truth......

“Oh oh oh oh oh......”

Ye Xiu responded with an “Oh”, after each player’s introduction. After the introductions were finished, he concluded: “Hi, everyone.”

With Jiang You’s status, his character’s equipment was naturally top tier. Equipment was a symbol of status. Whether it was Tyrannical Ambition’s great guild leader or the branch guild’s number one Knight, if they walked out with Unrivaled Super Hottie’s equipment, it would practically be the same as walking out naked. No one would take their title seriously.

“Unrivaled Super Hottie? What an interesting name. Speaking of your name, I once knew someone called Unrivaled Silence, but I haven’t seen him in a long time. It seems like he really did go silent.” The first person to speak was Tyrannical Ambition fourth branch’s number one Knight, Flight. It sounded like a joke, but it clearly showed his hostility towards Unrivaled Super Hottie.

This wasn’t unexpected. Very few players were as kind as Seven Blossom Leaves. Online games were competitive in nature.

  

In the normal servers, everyone compared their levels to other players. In the Heavenly Domain, everyone was max level, so they compared their equipment, stats, skill level, experience, dungeon progress, Arena record, and so on. Anything could be compared would be compared. The competitive environment didn’t differ from real life too much. Very few were willing to admit their inferiority.

Like Flight, Seven Blossom Leaves, or even Crispy Bean. They were their team’s number one Knight. Relatively speaking, they were at the top of their respective teams. Honest and kind players like Seven Blossom Leaves were the exception. Most players were like Crispy Bean, who looked down on experts of the same class.

However, everyone showed off their feelings in different ways. Crispy Bean was more childish. Flight handled things more maturely. He clearly knew that Unrivaled Super Hottie was someone the guild leader wanted to rope into the guild. Moreover, the guild leader personally came over to invite him, showing the importance of this matter. If he made things too difficult for Unrivaled Super Hottie, he wouldn’t be giving face to the guild leader.

The enormous guild had an almost corporation-like management. The higher a guild member’s status, the more the guild member wouldn’t be able to look at things purely from a gaming perspective. A lot of matters had to be handled responsibly. Guild leaders weren’t mothers to the guild members. Even though they often acted like one, everyone knew how much power these guild leaders possessed.

“Unrivaled Silence? What class?”

Ye Xiu responded to Flight’s words.

“Class? It’s been too long. I forgot.” Despite being startled, Flight responded quite calmly.

“Oh, is that so!” Ye Xiu said and even added a “Ha ha” emoticon.   

Flight suddenly felt dejected. Unrivaled Silence? He didn’t know anyone like that. He just saw Unrivaled Super Hottie’s name and then fabricated a person to mock the other side’s arrogance. But then the other side asked for this imaginary person’s class and he couldn’t give an answer. The “Ha ha” emoticon seemed to be laughing at him.

“I’ve heard how skilled you are. Today, I’ve finally gotten to see it.” Happy Sheep did the introductions. Flight opened up the meeting. Now, it was Jiang You’s turn to speak up. The fourth branch’s guild leader didn’t get a chance to talk though. This simple exchange showed the complexity of the relationships between guild members.

“Ha ha, the rumors are true.”

“Of course, of course.”

Normal people would hear his arrogance and explode in anger. Jiang You didn’t have the best temper either, so it made Flight quite puzzled, when he saw how friendly Jiang You was being. Even though he wasn’t a part of the main guild, he still had some understanding of the overall guild leader. Jiang You wasn’t as cold and strict as Hang Wenqing, but he still leaned towards that side. Flight had never heard of him being so friendly before. What was going on today?

Someone’s personality couldn’t suddenly change in an instant, which meant the reason lay with Unrivaled Super Hottie.

Was he really that good?  

Flight muttered to himself. He didn’t look down on Unrivaled Super Hottie because of his equipment. After all, equipment was external. If his skill was truly up to mark, then his equipment would immediately be switched with equipment that might even be good as his own.

Seeing the overall guild leader’s attitude, Flight felt a bit of regret towards his initial remarks.

Speaking of which, it didn’t matter who this person was. What was the point in competing with him? Today was a rare opportunity to interact with the main guild leader. It was more important to show his worth.

Flight had his own plans.

Even though their branch guilds were also a part of Tyrannical Ambition in name, in everyone else’s eyes, the main guild was the true guild. The branch guild players all hoped to enter the main guild.

The main guild had obviously reached its max capacity a long time ago. According to the guild’s rules, the guild wouldn’t kick someone out for no reason. But everyone knew that the rules weren’t rigid. If a truly outstanding expert came, the main guild would certainly find some way to get someone out of the guild. As for Flight? He didn’t think being the fourth branch’s number one Knight was good enough. Speaking of this, he hated how others always added “fourth branch” after “Tyrannical Ambition”, when being introduced. He felt like these two added words made it sound like a joke.  

He hoped to get rid of these two words! The only way to do it was obviously to join the main guild.

This was why enough he hoped his strength would be enough to garner the attention of someone with power in the main guild. Unfortunately, he had held the title of number one Knight in the fourth branch for a long time, but the main guild hadn’t given him any offers. Today, the overall guild leader had personally come, making Flight feel like it was a good opportunity to display his value. However, the reason for the personal visit was because of another Knight. Flight couldn’t help but feel jealous, so he intentionally showed hostility towards Unrivaled Super Hottie. If Unrivaled Super Hottie was truly acknowledged by the overall guild leader, then didn’t that mean he would directly enter the main guild?

He needed to perform better than him!

Flight had made the decision a long time ago, but now that he was reflecting on his previous actions, using words to compete against him felt somewhat childish. He immediately criticized himself. He already knew what he needed to do today. He needed to show that his skill surpassed Unrivaled Super Hottie’s. That was the only true way. A word battle was pointless.

Flight arranged his plan, while Jiang You and the others told him their purpose in coming here.

“A wild boss?” Ye Xiu stared blankly.

“No way?!” Even Chen Guo was astonished. It might be a game, but wasn’t this spying progressing too quickly? Other spies took three years and then another three years to get this far, but Unrivaled Super Hottie had only just joined a small support guild only two days ago and he was already going to join the elites in a fight for a wild boss?

Normal guilds didn’t pay too much attention to the rules. Experts would immediately be put into the top team, but for a Club guild with such a complicated competitive environment? Wild bosses were very important and dangerous matters. If there was a spy from another guild, it would be disastrous. Strategies, plans, and so on would be sold out by the spy. It would be impossible to steal the boss if that happened.

“Yes, Sword Peak Ravine’s Blade Master Lan Rui has spawned. Our people are already heading over. We’re going over to support them. You just happen to be online. Why not come with us?” Jiang You said.

“Sure!” Ye Xiu happily accepted.

“Good. Brother, your equipment.......” Jiang You looked at him and had to say it: “Brother, you can’t join our guild yet, so I can’t give you contribution points to use. You’ll just have to make do with this for now!”

Jiang You had clearly been prepared. If not, why would an Elementalist carry a full set of Knight equipment?

Ye Xiu wasn’t polite and accepted the trade from Wandering Peak. It was a complete set from accessories to weapons. It was far better than his current equipment. For a normal player, his equipment went up to grades. It was enough to feel moves. As a result, Ye Xiu expressed his thanks and quickly put them on. Then, he requested for a trade with Wandering Peak and offered his trash equipment: “I’ll have to trouble you to donate these equipment for me. Ha ha ha ha ha.” Ye Xiu said.

“Ah...... this.....” Jiang You was sweating! He was an Elementalist. With his Strength, carrying a Knight’s armor, weapon, and shield would definitely impact his movement heavily. The equipment he had brought with him were for Unrivaled Super Hottie. Now the other side was giving him back equipment. It wouldn’t be good to carry it in an intense battle.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 580: On Equal Footing
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

It wouldn’t be good to accept the equipment, but it also wouldn’t be good to refuse the equipment. These situations were a test of the perceptiveness of his subordinates. Sure enough, the fourth branch guild leader wasn’t just a guild leader in name. He had heard their conversation and immediately interjected: “I should probably be the one to donate the equipment! After all, you’re still a part of the fourth branch!”

The awkwardness was easily resolved. Even Flight felt happy. When he heard that Unrivaled Super Hottie was still a part of the fourth branch, how could he not be happy? Entering the main guild was his goal. At this moment, his competitor was Unrivaled Super Hottie. He didn’t want to be beat by his competitor.

Soon afterwards, Jiang You parroted the fourth branch guild leader’s words and cancelled the trade. The fourth branch guild leader traded with Unrivaled Super Hottie and received the trash equipment full of tears. He was a Berserker, a physical class. Carrying a set of equipment wouldn’t affect his movements as much as an Elementalist. His movements would still be affected, but he had to take the burden at this moment.

“There’s no time to lose. Let’s go.” Jiang You said.

Everyone said okay. All of them were elite core members of the guild. The elite core members in the main guild were closer to Jiang You and seemed like good friends of his. But for the fourth branch guild players, their relationship with Jiang You wasn’t as close and they seemed more like underlings.

Jiang You’s Wandering Peak led the way. Not a single player moved ahead of him. The group of players followed after Wandering Peak and quickly left Luxuriant Mountain City. 

Luxuriant Mountain City was a city on the mountains. After leaving the city, it would be similar to going down a mountain. Sword Peak Ravine, where the wild boss was located, happened to be the neighboring Level 70 area.

Sword Peak’s Blade Master Lan Rui was a drifter. Consistent with a boss’s style, even though he was a Blade Master in name, his skill set wasn’t as simple as just a Blade Master’s skill set. Lan Rui mainly used Blade Master skills, but he could use skills from the other three Swordsman classes as support. Besides that, he could also use a few Striker moves and a few Grappler throwing skills.

The more skills a boss possessed, the harder the boss. A boss’s difficulty wasn’t simply determined by its health, defense, or attack. A boss’s complicated move set and excellent AI made a boss less predictable and harder to deal with.

Level 70 wild bosses were the hardest bosses in Glory. Their settings were naturally at their highest. The Level 70 cap had been added to the game for three years already. Even so, up until now, no one had figured out the system’s AI for Level 70 wild bosses in the Heavenly Domain.

Wild bosses only spawned 52 times in a year and there were always huge crowds of players fighting over them. It wasn’t possible to do any tests on them. In addition, these wild bosses had numerous skills available to use, making it nearly impossible for players to determine any patterns from one.

At this point, players had figured out the skills for each boss and how to suppress them. There were a few guides out there, but these guides were very theoretical and lacked practicality. Level 70 wild bosses were the targets of the all the top guilds and most of the fighting revolved around the players. Under these circumstances, what was the point of a guide?

Level 70 wild bosses were absolutely events that the guild leaders of the Club guilds personally led. However, just a team from a branch guild wouldn’t be enough. For this type of difficult war, the main force would be comprised of the elite guild members. The only reason that Jiang You’s Wandering Peak even came here was because of Unrivaled Super Hottie.

When they arrived at Sword Peak Ravine, the team didn’t stop for a break and continued running towards a certain direction. Leveling areas naturally had a lot of small monsters scattered around, but for these elite guild members, they were familiar with all the major areas in the Heavenly Domain. These monsters wouldn’t obstruct them. After going deep into Sword Peak Ravine, the team joined together with Tyrannical Ambition’s main force. Chen Guo looked at Ye Xiu’s screen and swept across all of the IDs lined up. Nearly all of them had some reputation in the Heavenly Domain. She clearly knew that these players were all a part of the upper class in Glory. She had been with Excellent Era for so many years, yet she had never been able to join their circle. Ye Xiu and his Unrivaled Super Hottie hadn’t even been in the guild for two days yet and he was already a member. Chen Guo couldn’t help but feel somewhat upset.

Apart from the elites of the main guild, all of the branch guilds had a team too for a total of around two hundred players. The main guild was the main force, while the branch guilds were for support.

Tyrannical Ambition was only a part of the forces in the Ravine. Ye Xiu had Unrivaled Super Hottie look around and quickly saw two other guilds in formation.

Hundred Blossom Valley, Samsara.

Samsara again. Ye Xiu noted. Samsara’s momentum in the competitive scene was growing. In the game, their guild was also making movements everywhere. They almost always participated in every event possible. It was the bearing of a top guild. Hundred Blossom Valley was a bit weaker, but a Level 70 wild boss couldn’t be missed. Even if they were slightly weaker, it didn’t mean they had no chance. Wild bosses hadn’t gone to the point where the old titans had a completely monopoly over them.

The forces from these two guilds were also led by their guild leaders.

Hundred Blossom Valley’s Blooming Blossom and Samsara’s Three Realms Six Paths were both standing next to their forces. Along with Tyrannical Ambition, the three forces stood as three competing rivals. At this moment, Jiang You’s Wandering Peak arrived at the scene. Tyrannical Ambition’s players naturally gave a greeting and Wandering Peak went forward to stand. The heads of these top guilds began glaring at one another. Afterwards, Blooming Blossom and Three Realms Six Paths, along with everyone else, turned their attention to the person next to Wandering Peak.

Unrivaled Super Hottie. What an eye-catching name. At this moment, he stood casually next to Wandering Peak. 

The three guilds showed good sense. In order to let their guild leader stand out, the rest of the troops stood behind the guild leader. But someone unexpectedly had no eyes and stood alongside Wandering Peak. He didn’t have any guild tag next to his name and his name was so arrogant too.......

Ye Xiu’s Unrivaled Super Hottie only needed to stand there in order to instantly capture everyone’s attention.

The Ravine was completely silent. Only the faint noise of grinding could be heard among Tyrannical Ambition’s players.  

Flight felt regretful! With all of these heroes of Tyrannical Ambition in front of him, his title of the number one Knight in the fourth branch felt worthless. Even the fourth branch guild leader probably didn’t have a higher status than these elites from the main guild. In the end, Flight and the other branch members stood at the back. But this Unrivaled Super Hottie actually followed Wandering Peak to the front and even became the focus of everyone’s attention. Flight didn’t feel good! For one, this guy was such a disgrace. At the same time, he also felt a bit jealous. However, Flight knew very well that he would never have the courage to just casually stand alongside the guild leader.

“Who’s this idiot?” Tyrannical Ambition’s players held themselves back, but the players from the other two guilds were already laughing in ridicule. They spoke in very loud voices, so the other side could hear them.

Unrivaled Super Hottie was perfectly composed. He ignored all of the insults and went straight to the main subject: “Where’s the boss?” His words switched the topic to a very sensitive subject.

The two guild leaders naturally had to appear calm, but they couldn’t help but feel somewhat uneasy seeing this guy standing with Wandering Peak, 

To put it plainly, no one in the game besides another Club guild leader could stand on equal footing with a Club guild leader. Could this person be a pro player from Tyrannical Ambition?

Zheng Chenfeng?

The two guild leader immediately made a guess. Zheng Chengfeng was a Knight pro player from Tyranny. His character was called Mountain Split and he could be considered a top player, who was a part of the main roster. Even though he wasn’t a God, he was more than good enough for players in the game to worship him.

“Who is this?” The two guild leaders hesitated. The first to speak was Three Realms Six Paths.

Unrivaled Super Hottie actually walked up with him. Even Jiang You jumped up in fright. He had walked up loftily to the other two guild leaders, showing his imposing manner as a guild leader. He really hadn’t noticed someone was next to him.......

Now that the other side suddenly asked him a question, Jiang You didn’t know how to respond. What should he say? He found an expert? The problem was that he hadn’t personally seen his skill before. What type of entity was Tyrannical Ambition? No matter how great of an expert one might be, one still wouldn’t qualify to stand on equal footing as him. If he really did say that, he would feel quite ashamed. For a moment, he didn’t know how to explain the situation. He truly wasn’t happy, seeing this guy next to him. Couldn’t you have given me a notice beforehand so I could prepare? Now you’ve put me on the spotlight with no explanation to give. He really hadn’t noticed that someone had been walking with him, but how could he say that?

“Are you talking to me?” Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t make him worry and replied: “I’m an expert passing by. It seemed like there was a lot of people here, so I came over to help out. Where’s the boss? Let’s hurry up and start! You’re all wasting time. What if another boss spawns?”

His words hit the nail on the head. This was one issue among the guilds. Wild bosses didn’t spawn at a set time. They might not see a wild boss for one or two days. Sometimes, multiple wild bosses would spawn at the same time. The guilds all wanted the bosses for themselves. If multiple wild bosses spawned at the same time and they were too greedy, they might not even get one. But if they just focused on one, they felt too unwilling to part with the other ones.

All of the guilds knew which bosses had spawned already this week and which ones hadn’t. Several of them hadn’t spawned yet, so it was possible that another could appear at any time. They had to hurry. His words weren’t wrong! But the problem was how did a random passerby get to say these words?

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 581: Pleased Knights
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

The two guild leaders were suspicious. They didn’t dare make any rash movements.

Where was the boss? This question didn’t need to be answered. Everyone was gathered around here. Who would let the boss out of their sight? It was just that because there were so many players, some of the players such as Unrivaled Super Hottie would have their line of sight blocked by others. After this question was asked, a few players couldn’t help but turn around and look in a certain direction. Ye Xiu noticed their actions and naturally adjusted his position, so he could see the boss.

No one else moved. Unrivaled Super Hottie jogged out of the crowd alone, alarming everyone else.

“What are you planning on doing!”  

Quite a few players yelled. They were still in the stalemate stage.

The boss needed to be fought over, but according to convention, everyone was supposed to spend some time talking to each other Tyrannical Ambition’s guild leader had just arrived, so it should be time to have some small talk with each other, but Unrivaled Super Hottie had taken away the spotlight. The small talk hadn’t even finished yet and he was already moving! What was he doing? Was he trying to take the initiative to show his power?

Who held the boss’s aggro was an important deciding factor in who ended up winning the boss. At this moment, a Knight was moving towards the boss, causing everyone to be alarmed.

The hearts of Blooming Blossoms and Three Realms Six Paths started to thump. They suddenly remembered that today’s wild boss, Blade Master Lan Rui, had an aggressive personality, so Knight skills with taunting effects were twice as effective than normal. Knights already had the advantage in grabbing aggro, even more so against Lan Rui. If the outcome of today’s battle came down to aggro, Knights would undoubtedly be extremely crucial. Was this why Zheng Chengfeng personally came out to help?

It wasn’t impossible for a pro player to occasionally came out and participate in this type of battle. For example, if the Club needed a certain material from a boss, then they would send a pro player over to ensure they obtained that material. The two guild leaders immediately thought of this possibility. If that really was the case, then competing against him head on would be hopeless. They needed to kill the pro player first in order to have a chance at victory.

In a chaotic battle between hundreds of players, a pro player could be killed too. The existence of a pro player added pressure to the two guild leaders, but they didn’t need to go so far as to retreat. A pro player could increase that side’s chances of winning, but it didn’t mean a guaranteed victory.   

Also, wasn’t this Zheng Chengfeng too confident? Did he really think just the addition of himself would allow Tyrannical Ambition to easily swipe up Blade Master Lan Rui?

The two guild leaders gave out orders for a team of their players to sneak out and directly attack Unrivaled Super Hottie to turn the momentum around. Jiang You noticed their actions and couldn’t just ignore it. He also gave out an order. Tyrannical Ambition sent out two teams seemingly to protect Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

The two sides hadn’t even used a tenth of their total troops yet. They clearly wanted to probe out the situation first. But to have already reached this step without even saying some words first indicated how quickly today’s battle was progressing.  

At this moment, Unrivaled Super Hottie shouted: “Everyone, don’t panic. I’m just taking a look.”  

“Looking at what!” Someone responded.

“Looking to see where the boss is. I couldn’t see it from where I was standing before!” Unrivaled Super Hottie told the truth.  

The reason was too plain and simple. The two guild leaders didn’t have time to analyze it in detail and directly expressed that they didn’t believe him. They immediately gave out an order: the other Tyrannical Ambition players don’t matter. Unrivaled Super Hottie cannot be allowed to get close to the boss.

When the order came out, the two guilds each sent out a team. They went over to the previous team that had been sent out before and firmly stood in front of Unrivaled Super Hottie, blocking his path to the boss.

Seeing that a fight could start at any moment, Unrivaled Super Hottie halted and asked incredulously: “I’m not even allowed to look?” 

“Look? How do you plan on looking?” The players blocking his path questioned him.

Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t reply, but then suddenly ran to the side and rolled. Several magic spells and bullets landed on the spot, where he had just been standing. These two guilds actually decided to first get rid of this hidden danger before doing anything else.

But they didn’t think that this guy was actually so alert. The sneak attacks from these two guilds missed. 

In a situation with swords drawn and bows bent, any movement could be the trigger, let alone such a frightening wave of attacks. The two Tyrannical Ambition teams that had come out to protect Unrivaled Super Hottie counterattacked out of reflex, but since they didn’t know where those sneak attacks had come from, they simply attacked the most convenient target around.  

The two teams attacked with a bang. In any case, the other two guilds were their opponents. It didn’t matter who was who. 

In this battle, the players from Samsara and Hundred Blossom Valley were the first to fall.

This was a group battle! The weak characters wouldn’t be able to survive under concentrated fire even with help from Clerics. This battle had begun too suddenly. None of them had been prepared, so it wasn’t a surprise some of them died.

When the two guilds saw that they had lost a few players, how could they be nice anymore? They immediately returned fire and the three sides immediately began fighting each other.

These players completely reacted out of instinct. None of them had received orders from their superiors. Their minds were clear though. A fight was a fight! They were going to fight sooner or later anyways. But the important part was not to kill off any one side, but to get a hold of the boss within this chaotic mess!

Blooming Blossoms and Three Realms Six Paths immediately thought of Unrivaled Super Hottie. Was he going to use this opportunity to get close to the boss? However, because of the chaos, it was difficult to find a specific person. They couldn’t see where Unrivaled Super Hottie had gone to, alarming the two guild leaders. This pro player couldn’t be allowed to make a sneak attack! 

Where was Unrivaled Super Hottie right now? He was just standing on the side in a daze. He really hadn’t done it intentionally. Ye Xiu didn’t think he made any weird moves. How did it turn out like this? He couldn’t understand why......

Blooming Blossoms and Three Realms Six Paths couldn’t find Unrivaled Super Hottie, so they passed down orders to find him. With so many eyes looking, Unrivaled Super Hottie was quickly found. 

“He’s over here!!” Someone reported.

“What’s he doing??” The guild leaders asked anxiously.

“He’s doing nothing!” The player replied.

What...... the minds of the two guild leaders froze. This...... this was completely different from what they had anticipated. Did this mean the plans that they had prepared could only be tossed away now?

At this moment, Ye Xiu had nothing to do, but he didn’t wasn’t alone for too long. Jiang You came over to him.

“Brother, could you secretly pull the boss over? Will that be a problem?” Jiang You asked.

“I’ll try.” Ye Xiu replied.

“Okay, we’ll do our best to give you cover.” Jiang You said.

As a result, Unrivaled Super Hottie immediately headed over to the boss’s location. The players from the other two guilds had received similar orders. After all, this battle was for the boss. They had already started fighting with each other. It wouldn’t be right to just let the boss stand there and watch them.

The three players sent out to secretly pull the boss over met together in this way. Everyone else was surprised to see them as they saw as the three Knights rushed out at practically the same time. The three Knights used a Charge and instantly closed the distance with the boss. Then, the three Knights went into a pose together, but stopped there.

None of them moved.

The three Knights were surprised, but they understood the reason.

Against Blade Master Lan Rui, Provoke would definitely work, but the effects didn’t overlap. In other words, the last person to use Provoke would cover up the previous user’s Provoke. Thus, in order to use Provoke to aggro the boss, the player who used it last would be the winner. The three Knights were all experienced, so they were waiting for the other Knights to act first. But because of this, none of them acted, so they just stood there.

“Ha ha!” Only Ye Xiu could laugh in this comical situation. He was the first one to understand, so he made the second step the fastest. Since they were stopping each other from using Provoke, it essentially meant that Provoke couldn’t be used to start the fight. Thus, it would just be better to be the first player to deal damage to the boss. 

Unrivaled Super Hottie stepped forward, while laughing. Only then did the other two Knights react. Their slower response made them very annoyed.

Since it looked like they wouldn’t be able to reach the boss before Unrivaled Super Hottie could do so, the only other option was to stop Unrivaled Super Hottie from getting closer. The two Knights had the same thoughts, but neither of the two attacked.  

“Ha ha.” Another laugh. Unrivaled Super Hottie was the first to enter the boss’s aggro range. Blade Master Lan Rui was already heading towards Unrivaled Super Hottie.

Unrivaled Super Hottie’s laugh made the two Knights feel like crying. 

Why did he laugh again? Because they repeated the previous scene.    

Before, because they wanted to cover up the other person’s Provoke, none of them acted. But this time, both of them wanted to stop Unrivaled Super Hottie, but then they immediately thought: I’ll let the other guy attack him, while I go and take the boss. Thus, the two Knights didn’t move.

There was nothing they could do...... the two Knights weren’t partners, but competitors.

Bang!

The first clash finally happened and it was between Blade Master Lan Rui and Unrivaled Super Hottie. This sound made the hearts of many players shatter. The two Knights from Hundred Blossom Valley and Samsara turned in distress to look at their respective guild leaders. They failed to complete their guild leader’s orders and let Unrivaled Super Hottie take the first victory.

Suddenly, a player from Hundred Blossom Valley rushed out. He jumped high into the air. His equipment clearly added to his jump height. While in midair, he carried his gun in one hand, while throwing stuff out of his pockets with his other hand. In an instant, all sorts of bullets and grenades rained down from the skies. Tyrannical Ambition’s guard team was completely enveloped by the air strike.

They cried out in fear and scattered, but were unable to escape from the attack’s range. The noises from the gunfire and explosions linked together like a song from a symphony. In that short moment, the chain of skill effects looked like a hundred flowers blossoming.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 582: Under Attack
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

All the Clerics were already dead on the ground. 

There were three Clerics in the team that was assisting Unrivaled Super Hottie to steal the boss. No one thought that all of them would die together after that flashy attack. 

Everyone had a hard time believing it. When the people who were yelling “Heal! Heal!” looked at their own health, they realised that they had only taken a small amount of damage. These small scratches probably resulted from being accidentally grazed by some skills when they were dashing about in a panic. 

That air strike had clearly been targeting the Clerics, but the garish skill effects made them feel like it was the end of the world, spreading fear into the hearts of all. 

It was only when the panic subsided did people notice that the Spitfire was still among them. At this moment, the Spitfire stood up, fired again, and tossed out grenades. The panic immediately resumed. The flying bullets and roaring explosions created an illusion of an all-out assault. He fought his way out of the crowd effortlessly. 

“What are you doing?! Stop embarrassing yourselves!” The guild master of Tyrannical Ambition, Jiang You, watched the entire mess take place. Although he hadn’t come over, the boss was still his top priority. Seeing his elite team being devastated by a single person, Jiang You yelled out right away to calm down his guild members. At the same time, his heart shook in fright over the astonishing abilities of the unexpected troublemaker. 

Initially, Jiang You didn’t notice that all three Clerics were dead. After all, he was not there amidst the chaos, so his observations weren’t as thorough. With a closer look, Jiang You finally noticed the problem, much to his own shock. While everyone else was still wondering how all the Clerics had died, as the guild master, he already realized the more immediate crisis at hand — Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

That’s right. 

Truthfully speaking, three Clerics were no where near enough for a Knight going against a level 70 wild boss. This group was only the first team in the rotation. Jiang You was currently organizing people to provide further support, but who would have thought that all three Clerics of the first team would die so fast? Could Unrivaled Super Hottie endure during this period of time? Not only did he have to face the attacks of the wild boss, he also had to deal with the treachery of the other guilds!

Ignoring the first team, Jiang You turned his view around frantically to check the situation on the frontline. Meanwhile, he ordered the second team, which was still preparing, to start providing support right away.

As expected, things were not going so well for Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

Blade Master Lang Rui had already unsheathed his sword. The two Knights from Samara and Blossom Valley turned around with both of their swords pointed at Unrivaled Super Hottie instead of the boss, because Unrivaled Super Hottie had secured the boss’s aggro. 

Unrivaled Super Hottie was alone in this three-directional siege. Besides death, Jiang You could not imagine any other fate for Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

In the blink of an eye, icy flashes blossomed off the enemy blades like dazzling strands of silk, each intertwining, weaving into a deadly net that descended upon Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

In the end, the boss was the fastest and started with the Blade Master ultimate: Formless Phantom Blade. 

This was a level 70 wild boss. Without the help of the Clerics, even the best knight would be jumping to his own death if he tried to block the skill with his shield. On top of that, Unrivaled Super Hottie’s equipments were far from the best. 

Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t try to block the boss’s skill. He seemed to have already noticed the absence of the Clerics. But if he wasn’t going to dodge it, was it even possible to dodge an ultimate from a Level 70 wild boss?

The answer soon revealed itself. Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t raise his shield. Instead, he chose to run. He jumped backward several times. Lang Rui obviously wouldn’t let Unrivaled Super Hottie escape so easily and gave chase at once. Hie huge strides made his movement much faster than that of Unrivaled Super Hottie’s.

Just when it seemed as if Unrivaled Super Hottie could not outrun this strike no matter how hard he tried, a figure rushed in front of him fearlessly in self-sacrifice. The gleaming net of metallic flash swallowed the player up instantaneously. While the white light of the strike still dancing around him, the unfortunate soul fell in a heartbeat. In his last moment, his body struggled to twist around, trying to catch a glimpse of Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

It was Samsara’s Knight who fell!

His death wasn’t on purpose. He became Unrivaled Super Hottie’s shield entirely by accident. When he saw Unrivaled Super Hottie in a pinch, he activated Knight’s Spirit and rushed in towards Unrivaled Super Hottie with a Charge.

He never thought that Unrivaled Super Hottie would have the confidence to dodge. He never even imagined that Unrivaled Super Hottie could flee so quickly. By the time he had charged in front of the boss, Unrivaled Super Hottie had already left his original position. When he tried to change directions again, it was already too late. The boss’s blade was already upon him. In the end, he turned himself into the ultimate shield and saved Unrivaled Super Hottie’s life.

The Knight from Samsara was dead, but what about Blossom Valley’s Knight? He threw out a Provoke at the boss with ease. To Blade Master Lang Rui, their was an extremely powerful skill, and it grabbed its aggro right away. Lang Rui swirled around with his blade pointed at Blossom Valley’s Knight.

The Blossom Valley’s teams were all well-prepared, so the Knight was in no hurry. He had thought about it: as of now, Unrivaled Super Hottie wouldn’t dare to use another Provoke to nullify his Provoke if he didn’t want to die. He wouldn’t dare seek his own death yet.

Nonetheless, Lang Rui, stopped abruptly on its way charging towards the Knight and turned around, rushing towards Unrivaled Super Hottie.

Blossom Valley’s Knight froze in disbelief. He turned around and found Unrivaled Super Hottie, whose gesture proved that he had just used a Provoke.

He had used Provoke!

Surrounded by enemies, without a single Cleric, this guy actually used a Provoke as if he were seeking his own demise.

Fine! If you want to die, then die!

The Knight from Blossom Valley watched coldly, not planning on doing anything. If he became too impatient, then he would end up just like the Knight from Samsara - rushing to his own death without even understanding what had taken place.

Lang Rui rushed over with large strides, but Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t stand his ground. Instead, he swirled around and tried to run away. However, he was stopped short in his track by none other than the Spitfire that had turned the entire first team of Tyrannical Ambition into a mess. 

“Who is he?!” Jiang You roared in rage. Competing with each other for so many years, all the guild knew each other’s experts. Still, no one had heard of this Dazzling Spring. Where did these hidden experts come from? On top of that, thinking back to his skillful feat of disrupting an entire team and killing all three Clerics in a single move, Jiang You felt a shiver running down his spine. 

Those in the first team were all members of the elite main force of the main branch guild of Tyrannical Ambition. Every one of them was an unmatched expert in the game by themselves. How skillful did one have to be to trash all of them in one go? The Spitfire must be at a pro level!

Since team Hundred Blossom’s ace was none other than Spitfire Dazzling Hundred Blossom, Blossom Valley was also filled with Spitfires. However, this particular Spitfire’s skill level seemed to reign over regular players considerably. 

Could he actually be … a pro player?

Blossom Valley was so determined to get this boss that they even sent out a pro player for this?

Jiang You didn’t know that, just moments ago, the guild leaders of Blossom Valley and Samsara had the same doubt about Unrivaled Super Hottie. In a way, this competition was very fair.

“Go die!” The intercepting Spitfire threw out his declaration coolly. His hands moved simultaneously. The speed at which the skills the skills were released fully demonstrated the player’s incredible hand speed.

Lang Rui still chased after Unrivaled Super Hottie, who clearly had no time to respond. Activating Knight Spirit, followed by a Charge, he rushed straight into Dazzling Spring’s attacks with his shield in front of him. 

Trying to avoid a frontal collision with the Charge, Dazzling Spring jumped hurriedly to the side. Unexpectedly, Unrivaled Super Hottie’s Charge twisted around after Dazzling Spring right away. 

“Arc Charge!!!” 

Someone among the crowd watching this sideline battle exclaimed in shock. Among all the players present, none of them were noobs. All of them were the top experts in the Heavenly Domain.

“Ha ha.” Dazzling Spring laughed as if he didn’t care about the Heroic Charge. He had enough reasons to do so: this jump of his was not only fast, but also extremely high. 

The status enhancement of the equipments were being utilized to their fullest. Dazzling Spring’s jump height was significantly higher compared to that of the normal players. 

Despite having used an Arc Charge with a curve of the just right angle, Unrivaled Super Hottie’s Charge seemed to have became inevitably fruitless. Yet in that moment, his sword sung up with his shield. He somehow started to ascend.

“Aerial Curve!!!” Someone cried out in shock.

What is an Aerial Curve? An Arc Charge that didn’t only move around on the ground, but curved into the air. That is an Aerial Curve. The mechanics behind it were actually pretty simple: just jump when you activate Charge. However, similarly to Cursive Charge, it’s easy to perform Aerial Curve, but you have to make it effective and hit your target. Because of this, both skills are considered as “easy to learn, hard to use” skills. At this moment, Unrivaled Super Hottie’s Aerial Curve curved upward with perfect timing, shooting straight towards Dazzling Spring. 

“Not good enough!” Dazzling Spring laughed. A grenade tumbled down from his hand. 

With Knight Spirit's skill effect, Heroic Charge wouldn’t be stopped by anything. The grenade was entirely just there to create some damage. Unrivaled Super Hottie clearly didn’t try to dodge in midair. The flames of the explosion swallowed his silhouettes in the blink of an eye. Then, within the flames, his figure shot out upward. His height surpassed that of Dazzling Spring in the next second. Still with the shield in the front, Unrivaled Super Hottie raise his knight sword high into the air. As he dove upon Dazzling Spring, his sword slashed towards its target. 

“What is this? Heroic Leap???” The exclamations continued.

“What kind of joke is this? How is that possible?”

Heroic Leap could not be performed in midair. This was a rule set by the game. It could not be changed. No one can violate the system’s rules. However, this Unrivaled Super Hottie had accomplished this violation of the system’s rules, causing all the spectators to fall into confusion.

“Who are you?!!!” Even Dazzling Spring shouted in surprise.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 583: Flashy But Ineffective
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

After being hit by Heroic Leap in the mid air, Dazzling Spring fell like a meteor. Sensing the approaching player, Blade Master Lan Rui pointed his sword and started another sword dance. Seeing the familiar scene, everyone soon remembered the Knight got killed in the same manner before. It looked like this Spitfire could only die faster than that Knight. 

Who would have expected the Spitfire to actually fire twice during his fall despite going as fast as a meteor?

As the gun roared, the falling figure took on a different trajectory, twisting towards the side. As soon as he landed, he rolled away, successfully dodging Lang Rui’s dancing blade. 

Who are these two players!!!!

All the players watching felt like going crazy.

One defied the system’s rules and used Heroic Leap in mid air. The other was able to use Aerial Fire to dodge the boss’s attack while rapidly descending. Only a perfect amount of experience, judgement, and speed would have made both feats possible: just the slightest insufficiency in any of the three would have spelled failure. Even up until now, the audience still had no idea how Unrivaled Super Hottie had accomplished that impossible Heroic Leap. 

The brilliance wasn’t over yet. Dazzling Spring’s Aerial Fire, landing, and rolling linked together flawlessly, allowing him to dodge Lang Rui’s flashing blade. Still, the descending shadow above his head was still locked onto him. Heroic Leap hadn’t ended yet!

Bam!

Heroic Leap hit Dazzling Spring again. There weren’t a lot of changes, but to be able to deal damage again under these circumstances was truly unbelievable for the viewers. 

Heroic Leap was used under Knight’s Spirit. This Just Heroic Leap hit Dazzling Spring as well as the boss. The special effect of this skill was to deal equal damage to its targets. There was no way to avoid it, even the boss was no exception. After being hit, Lang Rui’s steps paused, unlike Dazzling Spring, who got flattened on the ground. After all, a boss is still a powerful existence. 

Knowing that the boss was more dangerous than Dazzling Spring, Unrivaled Super Hottie rolled away immediately after landing. 

The boss soon got out of the stun from Just Heroic Leap. Lang Rui’s blade chased after Unrivaled Super Hottie without a moment’s delay. Expecting the attack, Unrivaled Super Hottie avoided all of the strikes as Dazzling Spring cursed aloud, “F***!” on the side while scrambling away towards safety. 

All the players who saw it were stupefied. What an evil scheme! He could have run anywhere to avoid the boss’s blow, but he just had to run in Dazzling Spring’s direction so that the boss’s attack would also be pointed at the Spitfire. Had Dazzling Spring not been an expert player with outstanding reaction speed and mechanics, he would have died right then and there under Lang Rui’s blade. If it were any other normal player under the same conditions, it would have being a certain death. Even though the boss’s sole target was Unrivaled Super Hottie, the boss’s slashing sword covered a significant amount of area. If Dazzling Spring hadn’t reacted fast enough, he would have been smashed to pieces on the spot. 

“Second tank, take over!” Unrivaled Super Hottie shouted.

At that moment, almost half of the players had abandoned their tasks to watch the commotions on the sideline. This shout snapped Tyrannical Ambition’s Knight back to reality: Blade Master Lang Rui was really close to him right now.

Was this his true intention?

Everyone was confused: was Unrivaled Super Hottie trying to lead the boss towards Tyrannical Ambiotion’s troops, or was he trying to killing Dazzling Spring indirectly, or was he trying to kill two birds with one stone?

Tyrannical Ambition’s Knight immediately threw out a Provoke, forcing Lang Rui to turn, while making Blossom Valley’s Knight very sad.

Blossom Valley’s Knight thought Unrivaled Super Hottie was dead for sure, so he didn't rush in to fight over the boss. Who would have thought that Unrivaled Super Hottie would be able to survive through all that? He knew that Unrivaled Super Hottie was too busy to take on the boss, but he had forgotten that there were still people from Tyrannical Ambition present. Right now, the second team, which had a good number of Knights and Clergy and plenty of time to prepare, easily dragged the boss away.

“Get it back!!” With the Knight’s shout, Blossom Valley’s troops rushed forward. The second, third, fourth, and fifth tank gathered around the main tank to start a war of Provokes. Blossom Valley’s Clerics all tensed up right away. They knew soon that the battle would soon fall into chaos as the ownership of the boss’s aggro becomes a total mess. That would be the hardest time for the teams, especially the Clerics. 

Provoke!

Provoke!

Provoke….

Both sides started picking fights with the others. They were provoking each other to see which side had the better skill.

Meanwhile, despite being pushed around earlier, Dazzling Spring had already jumped back up and was chasing after Unrivaled Super Hottie. Both of them had no helper now, so the battle turned into an one on one death match. Dazzling Spring’s embarrassing state was nowhere to be seen now. His gun roared in his right hand while grenades rolled off his left, churning up a fiery storm of explosions. 

Under Ye Xiu’s control, the Knight moved nimbly in spite of its usual clumsy impression. Unrivaled Super Hottie dodged all of Dazzling Spring’s offensives narrowly with skillful pathing. 

But because of the fast pace of the fight, no one was able to tell how many skills Dazzling Spring released nor how many times he had attacked. All that people could be heard were the endless roars of explosions and gunshots. In the blink of an eye, the colorful visual effects of the skills had swallowed up a large area on the map. 

“So flashy!!” Someone exclaimed.

“But they seem ineffective though? None of them hit.” Someone followed up after noticing Unrivaled Super Hottie’s expert positioning. 

Flashy, but ineffective….

When this comment came out, many players paused in realization, especially the players from Blossom Valley. Although Dazzling Spring had whipped up a lively battle for the sake of Blossom Valley, the players from Blossom Valley had no idea where he had come from. Amidst the discussion, one thought suddenly came up, reminding these Blossom Valley’s players of one person. 

That person was none other than Hundred Blossom’s former captain, Dazzling Hundred Blossom’s owner: Zhang Jiale. 

Zhang Jiale’s style was extremely garish, just like his character’s name: Dazzling Hundred Blossoms. However, because he overly pursued the flashy effects in an onslaught of skills, his style's effectiveness had became the target of many’s criticism. Especially when his opponent had managed to analyze his fighting style thoroughly, comments like "Cool, but you aren't able to hit him" started to appear more and more frequently on Zhang Jia Le's commentary.

Right now, the same critique appeared on Dazzling Spring. It sparked that feeling of familiarity almost instantaneously among the fans of Team Hundred Blossom.    

Dazzling Spring grabbed everyone’s eyes since the moment he got on stage. His style had been garish enough. It was so excessively flashy that even the issue of being effective had surfaced. Could this person truly be Zhang Jiale? If not, then the player behind Dazzling Spring had perfected a truly unbelievable imitation. 

However, if Dazzling Spring was indeed Zhang Jiale, then the player who was able to dodge every attack of his had to be a pro player too. Could he be Zhen Chengfeng? While everyone was having a headache just to figure out the situation at hand, Jiang Jiale suddenly exploded as if being triggered. 

That person really is Zhang Jiale!!!

The players of Blossom Valley were incomparably familiar with their team’s former God and immediately came to this conclusion. Even the players from other guilds quickly had the same thought. In this instant, Dazzling Spring’s hand speed rampaged freely. Knowledge, decision-making, and reaction speed could occasionally be made up for with luck, but hand speed was a rigid physical factor. It wasn’t something luck could bring about. This person wasn’t randomly mashing his keyboard either. His character’s movements were clean and crisp like a famous star singing. No matter how fast he or she sang, each and every word could be heard clearly.

Dazzling Spring gave the audience this type of feeling. All of his moves had some purpose to them. What about Unrivaled Super Hottie? It looked like he could no longer dodge any more. The brilliant array of attacks enveloped him. Was he dead or alive? No could tell.

Probably dead, right?

Most of the players made this guess. The wave of attacks had been too frightening. However, Dazzling Spring didn’t seem to share their thoughts. Although he stopped attacking, it was because even he couldn’t see the situation from all of the attacks he had released. Even so, he prepared to attack at any moment. His gun didn’t lower and his left hand had a grenade prepared. He was waiting for the moment the field cleared up. 

Suddenly, more than half of the players stopped whatever they had been doing. Only those fighting the boss couldn’t do so because they simply couldn’t. Though at this moment, no one cared about the boss. Everyone focused their attention onto the duel between these two mysterious guys.

The light dispersed and everyone saw that Unrivaled Super Hottie had fallen.

Dazzling Spring lowered his gun and turned around. His attention was already on the boss. At this moment, Unrivaled Super Hottie’s corpse suddenly glowed with a white light. Unrivaled Super Hottie leaped up and headed straight for Dazzling Spring with a Charge. 

This unexpected revival was undoubtedly the best kind of ambush there was. Dazzling Spring had no time to prepare against it. Among the shocked cries of many, Unrivaled Super Hottie charged directly into him. 

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 584: Creating an Environment
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Even though everyone saw the scene clearly with their own eyes, not many of them apart from Unrivaled Super Hottie’s helper team understood what exactly had happened.

Unrivaled Super Hottie was obviously in a team. He had come over with Tyrannical Ambition. Although he wasn’t officially a part of the guild, he still joined one of their teams. When Dazzling Spring’s brilliant attacks engulfed him, everyone felt like he was definitely dead. At this moment, a message appeared in Unrivaled Super Hottie’s team.

One word: Revive. Next to the word were detailed coordinates of his position.

With these instructions, the team’s Clerics cast a Revive. As for Unrivaled Super Hottie? He might have died, but he had sent out the message. After being revived, he didn’t hurry and get back up. He lay there, acting dead, waiting for Dazzling Spring to turn around before launching a surprise attack.

“How despicable......”

The team members who knew the truth couldn’t help but give this remark in private, despite their bias towards their teammate. 

Charge, Heroic Leap, Shield Attack, Upward Slash......

Unrivaled Super Hottie’s movements were very quick. He chained his attacks in an instant, striking down the target, who had been sent up into the air by the initial Charge. These moves weren’t things most Knights could do.

Dazzling Spring wasn’t worried about the damage from this combo. He had a stronger reaction towards those words.

“Who are you?” Dazzling Spring made all sorts of guesses, but he wasn’t certain about any one of them.

“What have you been busy with this year? Could you really have been preparing to leave just to run to the game and bully noobs?” Unrivaled Super Hottie asked. His voice wasn’t loud, just enough for Dazzling Spring to hear. Otherwise, if these top elites in the game heard themselves being called bullied noobs, who knew how angry they would be.

Dazzling Spring didn’t answer. He suddenly focused and amidst Unrivaled Super Hottie’s continuous attacks, he dodged and actually escaped from the combo.

“Tch.......” Unrivaled Super Hottie clicked his tongue. He immediately fell back and Dazzling Spring chased after him.

Dazzling Spring immediately won back the upper hand in that instant.

The players from the three big guilds were even feeling slightly annoyed at the boss’s existence right now. The boss was interfering with this incredible show. If they couldn’t determine the skill levels of these two players, they weren’t worthy of being players in the Heavenly Domain.

“This Unrivaled Super Hottie, could he be......” Someone moved close to Jiang You and whispered to him. 

“Yes, I have an idea. Don’t worry.” Jiang You appeared to be becoming more and more calm.

“Heal, heal, heal! Why aren’t there any Clerics healing!!!” Everyone heard Unrivaled Super Hottie shout loudly as he dodged Dazzling Spring’s attacks.

Everyone had heard these sort of words coming from Knights countless times. No one gave much thought to them. Knights were tanks. Wasn’t it normal for them to tell the Clerics to heal? But the problem this time was that it looked like a 1v1 duel. This Knight was actually telling them to help. Wasn’t that too disgraceful? Many of them were disappointed.

“Heal him.” Jiang You decisively gave the order.

Unrivaled Super Hottie soon began to glow with white light. He immediately stood still and stopped dodging Dazzling Spring’s attacks. He was about to go forward and trade blows.

“How shameless!!!” The players from Blossom Hundred Valleys shouted angrily.

With several Clerics healing him, this guy wanted to trade blows with a Spitfire? Wasn’t that too shameless? In theory, for team battles, supporting a tank while having him charge through the troops was a very common strategy, but the confrontation between Dazzling Spring and Unrivaled Super Hottie clearly indicated that these two certainly weren’t ordinary players. As soon as everyone saw them as being on a higher level, everyone’s requirements went up another level too. Wasn’t asking others for help in a PK very normal? But everyone felt like it was too unstylish for someone so high class.

“F*ck!” Dazzling Spring shouted. He clearly despised his opponent’s action, but he could only run away. No one could directly win over a tank with a bunch of Clerics healing him. When he saw this action, Dazzling Spring was now very certain who this person was! He he originally thought it was highly probable it was this person, after all, no one else had the spare time to run over to the game to fight a boss. 

“Don’t run. Let me give you a good lesson. Did you really think you could go on a rampage without any fear in the game?” With help from the Clerics, Unrivaled Super Hottie clearly became more arrogant.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 585: Starting Place
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Dazzling Spring attacked with an extremely quick pace. In order to dodge these types of attacks, Unrivaled Super Hottie had to make lots of movements. This caused Chen Guo, who was beside Ye Xiu, to stare at his screen, but be unsure of what was going on.

Despite this, she was still immensely excited. 

This was because she was the only person who could actually confirm the two’s identity. 

Ye Xiu, that naturally goes without saying. 

Zhang Jiale. His flashy Spitfire’s Hundred Blossoms style was too noticeable. Even more so, Ye Xiu quietly spoke to Dazzling Spring so that no one else besides Dazzling Spring could hear him. However, Chen Guo was next to Ye Xiu, so she could hear him speak. Chen Guo didn’t need further confirmation. She had already made an accurate guess on this person’s identity. 

Chen Guo was extremely excited. She was too busy to even look down on Ye Xiu for telling the Clerics to support him, so he could just tank the hits to fight.

Zhang Jiale was a God!

In terms of age, he had been a pro for six years. Right now, the Glory Pro Alliance was on its eighth competitive season, so he would be considered quite old.

Within these six years, he participated in three finals, which was quite an accomplishment. Amongst all the Gods in the pro scene, only Ye Qiu and Wang Jiexi had similar achievements. Ye Qiu had participated in four finals and became the champion three times. Wang Jiexi had participated in three finals and became the champion two times. Zhang Jiale had participated in three finals, but won the championship zero times.

This tragic comparison was honestly very depressing. Especially for those three finals, Zhang Jiale’s opponents just happened to be Ye Qiu and Wang Jie Xi. When the three were compared together, it only made Zhang Jiale look even more tragic.

Last season or the Pro Alliance’s seventh season, Team Hundred Blossoms led by Zhang Jiale lost to Team Tiny Herb led by Wang Jiexi. Zhang Jiale’s heart completely died. After the long holidays, he suddenly announced his retirement, completely catching Team Hundred Blossoms off guard. Because Team Hundred Blossoms wasn’t able to prepare well enough during the summer, their performance this season fell sharply. It was only because of Team Excellent Era’s downfall that Team Hundred Blossoms was able to escape from criticism.  

Then again, Team Hundred Blossom’s decline wasn’t unreasonable like Team Excellent Era’s. The sudden retirement of their ace player and captain resulted in the team not having anyone to take his position. Their decline wasn’t a surprise with such misfortune falling upon them. However, a team that had participated in three finals couldn’t be ordinary. Team Hundred Blossom’s second year rookie Tang Hao had risen abruptly this season. But their best character and the responsibilities involved were pushed onto Zou Yuan, which was way beyond his ability. On the other hand, Tang Hao was outstanding player, but the Brawler character in his hand wasn’t good enough to be considered a trump card. In the end, Team Hundred Blossom’s performance was shaky. At this point in time, it would be natural for a person to think: if Zhang Jiale and his Dazzling Hundred Blossoms were still playing, along with the aid of the rising Tang Hao, Team Hundred Blossoms would undoubtedly be a power to be reckoned with this season.

Harsh critics would say Zhang Jiale was worthy of being called the Number One Unlucky God. He couldn’t take it anymore and retired after suffering through so many years, but then an outstanding helper immediately popped up in the team. Originally, he could have had another chance to win the championships, but the chance was missed just like that.

But the majority of the people were lenient and felt sorry for Zhang Jiale. Hundred Dazzling Blossom’s performance during last season’s final was still as splendid as in the past. Zhang Jiale hadn’t aged to the point, where he needed to retire yet. It was just that he was unable to get any return from all of his struggling for so many ears. Although he wasn’t old, his heart had been grinded by time. His heart had given up. His sudden announcement of his retirement felt a little bit irresponsible and impulsive.

Topics related to Zhang Jiale continued for the whole competition season. Even if Team Hundred Blossoms had the upcoming Tang Hao, it couldn’t stop the fans’ reminiscence of Zhang Jiale. Some people suggested that in the All Star Weekend’s Rookie Challenge, Tang Hao’s prideful “junior succeeds the senior” might have been because Team Hundred Blossoms constantly talked about their retired team leader, which irritated him and caused him to want to rise like the devil. If one thought about this more carefully, the explanation would feel a bit far-fetched, but it was truly hard to say why Tang Hao issued the challenge.

A God had just risen in the team, but the only thing people talked about was the previous leader. What could he be feeling in his heart? Tao Hao was only a God because of his skills. In terms of age, he was only a second year rookie. He was turning eighteen this year, an age where it’s easy to be proud. How could anyone expect such a youth to be mature and reserved? 

Everything that had happened to Team Hundred Blossoms this season could be attributed to Zhang Jiale’s retirement. His leave was straightforward, but was he truly willing in his heart? If there really was another chance, would he return again? With the rise of Tang Hao this season, many Team Hundred Blossom fans wanted Zhang Jiale to come back.

But now, in the online game, Zhang Jiale’s Spitfire had appeared. Combined with the encounter with Wei Chen from before, Chen Guo immediately became excited.

Chen Guo was obviously a bit uneasy about their future new team. But another powerful God had come. How could Chen Guo stop herself from being excited? She hoped to see a repeat performance of Wei Chen’s encounter.

“Did you become a spy in Tyrannical Ambition for this to happen?” Chen Guo was so enthusiastic that her voice was shaking. 

“For what to happen?” But Ye Xiu was puzzled.

“Him! Zhang Jiale.” Chen Guo pointed towards Dazzling Spring on Ye Xiu’s screen. Chen Guo felt dizzy seeing a fight between two Gods from a first person point of view.

“I became a spy in Tyrannical Ambition to find Zhang Jiale? Could you please analyze how that makes any logical sense.” Ye Xiu spoke helplessly. 

“It’s not?” Chen Guo asked with uncertainty. 

“Of course not! This is a pure coincidence! If I knew he were here, wouldn’t I be seeking death by coming in my current condition?” Ye Xiu spoke.

“What about your condition?”

“With only my current equipment, no guild, and lacking 160 stat points.” Ye Xiu spoke. 

“Do you mean to say that you can’t beat him?”

“I just died a moment ago. Did you not see that?” Ye Xiu asked, puzzled.

“I thought that was one of your despicable tactics.” Chen Guo was dumbstruck.

“What type of tactic is that? When I get revived, my experience is still deducted. I was level, so a loss in experience means a reduction in stats.” Ye Xiu said. 

“So you’re saying…… it’s a tragedy?” Chen Guo asked. 

“Didn’t you see me calling for the Clerics to come help me?” Ye Xiu said. “What exactly have you been doing this entire time?”

“I…… I……” Chen Guo was at a loss for words. She really didn’t think that the reason for Unrivaled Super Hottie’s death and Ye Xiu’s call for help was actually so simple and plain: he couldn’t beat his opponent. She had been thinking  about what sort of despicable scheme Ye Xiu was hiding. The truth rendered her speechless. 

He died because he couldn’t beat his opponent.

He called for help because he couldn’t beat his opponent. 

F*ck, those actions were so logical! But Chen Guo didn’t even spend a second to think about the possibility of this happening to Ye Xiu and regarded it as illogical. 

Chen Guo was still in a daze, when Ye Xiu shouted again: “Is anyone going to come help me??”

Now Chen Guo finally understood. This was no scheme nor was it a trap. It was because he really couldn’t beat the opponent that he had to ask for help.

Even though Ye Xiu managed to take advantage of the opening, while Zhang Jiale was in a daze, and attacked a few times, but just like what Ye Xiu had told Chen Guo, his character’s was too weak. Even though the equipment was provided by Jiang You, it was only bit better than his previous out-dated equipment. It was nowhere near Dazzling Spring’s equipment. Nowhere near didn’t just mean the stats. For Unrivalled Super Hottie, it was a set of equipment casually provided by Jiang You. But for Dazzling Spring, it was obviously matched and designed meticulously by Zhang Jiale according to his own habits and style. It could be likened to a scuffle between two people. One fellow would be improvising with a randomly picked up brick, while the other fellow would be using a weapon he was familiar with. 

Secondly, there was the 160 stat point gap. Unrivalled Super Hottie didn’t have it because he didn’t have a guild. On the other hand, Dazzling Spring was with Blossom Valley.

These two disadvantages were already enough to be a deciding factor.

Ye Xiu’s current opponent wasn’t any random player from the Heavenly Domain in which case he could suppress through skill alone. This was a God who was on the same level as Ye Xiu. His achievements were only a bit less than Ye Xiu’s. Let alone normal players, even Wei Chen wouldn’t be able to compete with Zhang Jiale right now. 

Ye Xiu was able to take advantage of the small opening, but he could gain a slight advantage for a bit. Without any alarm, Zhang Jiale relied on his two advantages to easily reverse the situation. Thus, Ye Xiu had to call for help. 

However, the players from Blossom Valley wouldn’t give him the opportunity.

After identifying Zhang Jiale, protecting this duel from outside interference was even more important than than the boss.

“Blow him to bits!!!”

After hearing Ye Xiu calling out for help again, the players from Blossom Valley became very excited and gave another wave of cheers. 

Zhang Jiale also attacked amidst the cheers as if he had returned onto the stage.

“Hey, why are you being so serious?” Ye Xiu spoke, while controlling Unrivaled Super Hottie and looking for an opportunity.

“You don’t seem very relaxed either?” Zhang Jiale finally spoke.

“That’s a must. I intend to form a new team and make my way back to the pro scene. Of course I have to be serious. I’m doing business here! If you want to bully noobs to feel superior, couldn’t you go somewhere else? Hurry and pretend you DCed.” Ye Xiu said. 

“Didn’t you just say that bullying noobs doesn’t feel good? I find it quite nice bullying you.” Zhang Jiale said. 

“I’m conducting serious business here. I don’t have time to fool around with you!” Ye Xiu got angry.

“You’re still not going to give up?” Zhang Jiale asked. 

“Why do I have to give up?” Ye Xiu asked in reply.

“Haven’t you already gotten what you want? Why do you still want to keep going?” Zhang Jiale asked. 

“I’ve never heard of anyone getting tired of winning championships.” Ye Xiu said. 

“You’re still thinking of winning a championship?” Zhang Jiale laughed.

“Winning a championship is very addicting. I really cherish my memories of it.” Ye Xiu said. 

“F*ck……” Zhang Jiale turned depressed. Ye Xiu clearly knew of his circumstances, yet this fellow was still discussing the feeling of winning a championship. He was sprinkling salt onto his wound!

“I don’t feel like I need to retire yet. As long as there’s a chance, I will never back out, even if it’s just for one more day.” Ye Xiu spoke.

“Big bro, you’re also in retirement right now, okay?” Zhang Jiale said. 

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 586: Provoke Relay
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

The two Gods didn’t stop moving their hands, when they spoke to each other. Unrivaled Super Hottie and Dazzling Spring spun around each other, fighting back and forth. Occasionally, Unrivaled Super Hottie would shout out “Clerics!”, reducing the quality of the match.

“Charge over and help!!”

An unexpected order came from Tyrannical Ambition’s side.

Those two players were fighting fiercely. The fight for the boss was turning white hot as well. Players continued to die in battle. The boss’s aggro kept on shifting between the three guilds through the usage of Provoke. Blossom Valley wasn’t focusing too much on the boss, so they had already fallen slightly behind. As for Tyrannical Ambition, Unrivaled Super Hottie had given them the advantage by being the first to establish aggro. Right now was the perfect moment to firmly grasp the lead. Who would have thought that their guild leader would order their main force to support Unrivaled Super Hottie......

Even though the players didn’t understand the reason, they still followed the order.

The players from Blossom Valley tried their hardest to stop Tyrannical Ambition, but Tyrannical Ambition’s strength didn’t lose to them one bit. Tyrannical Ambition couldn’t crush Blossom Valley with one strike, but they could still focus their forces onto a point and create a small opening.

Under Jiang You’s orders, the players from Tyrannical Ambition quickly rushed through the opening and provided a line of defense for the Clerics. The Clerics immediately began casting their spells and healed Unrivaled Super Hottie.

“Ha ha ha ha.” Unrivaled Super Hottie laughed. When the players from Blossom Valley saw this guy laugh, they gave him a look of disdain and began healing Dazzling Spring as well.

The two players were being healed like crazy and neither of them had the destructive force of a obss. Their health bars were always full. No matter how hard they attacked, their health bar never dropped.

“What’s the point of a fight like this?” Zhang Jiale looked up at the sky.

“Ha ha, let’s see which side’s Clerics will run out of mana first!” Ye Xiu said.

“Shameless!” Zhang Jiale was speechless. With the way they were fighting, even though his health never dropped, as a Spitfire with leather armor, he definitely wouldn’t be able to survive as long as a Knight with heavy armor. Against a normal opponent, Zhang Jiale could widen the distance between them and kite the opponent, but he was currently against another God. Kiting him wouldn’t be so easy. Even if he were able to widen the distance for a moment, he would quickly be chased down.  

Thus, Zhang Jiale decided not to waste his energy fighting Ye Xiu . He tossed Unrivaled Super Hottie aside and directly rushed into the chaotic fight between the two guilds. From this point of view, it could be seen that Zhang Jiale had the upperhand over Unrivaled Super Hottie. If he wanted to run, he could easily do so.

“Running again? Please stop giving up so easily!” Ye Xiu shouted as he chased after Dazzling Spring..

“I’ll come clean you up in a bit.” Zhang Jiale replied calmly. Following afterwards, he blasted apart the group of enemies he had charged into. His offense wasn’t something ordinary players could defend against. The bright lights swallowed up numerous players. The players from Blossom Valley had been prepared. They were all in the same team as Dazzling Spring, so none of them took any damage. Tyrannical Ambition’s side was much more tragic. They were unable to resist. They wanted to fight back, but they couldn’t even find their opponents.

From a certain perspective, Zhang Jiale’s Hundred Blossoms fighting style was a type of offense and defense. He didn’t rely on the skill effects to defend. Instead, he used the visual effects that were supposed to just be for decoration. These beautiful flashes of light would cover up Dazzling spring, so the players wouldn’t know his position. Where were they supposed to attack?

This technique was similar to Vanishing Steps. It wasn’t something the system had purposefully intended for, but rather something the players had found for themselves according to how the game worked.

Even though the damage that could be dealt by a single person was limited, Zhang Jiale was a God, who could increase the pace of his attacks with his playing. His ability to deal incredible amounts of damage in an instant was regarded as a model for many teams. This extravagant playstyle looked like it covered an extremely large area, but in reality, the damage was focused on one target. And only Zhang Jiale knew who this target was. By the time his opponent was able to figure it out, it was usually too late.

And with so many enemies around him, it was naturally very difficult to see who his attacks were focused on, even more so for normal players on a lower level than him. The health of some players fell slowly, while the health of other players fell quickly. But from an overall outlook of the battle, everyone was being attacked without any distinction between them.  

For his fighting style, the more numerous the enemies the easier it was to confuse the enemies.

The players from Tyrannical Ambition were helpless. Suddenly, they saw Dazzling Spring shoot out from the bright lights, but he didn’t stop attacking. However, this time, instead of attacking all around him, his attacks were focused on one player.

Everyone thought they would be able to guess who this target was, but when they turned to look, everyone was stunned.

This guy wasn’t Unrivaled Super Hottie, but a Knight from Tyrannical Ambition. This guy didn’t have any sort of conflict with Dazzling Spring, but right now, he had become Dazzling Spring’s target.

“Ha ha, not bad!” Unrivaled Super Hottie finally rushed over, but Dazzling Spring didn’t even glance at him as he continued to attack that Knight. He didn’t even turn his head when Unrivaled Super Hottie slashed at him.

“Give me a Focus!!” Everyone heard Dazzling Spring shout. Afterwards, his attacks instantly engulfed that Knight. But this Knight didn’t fall. The Clerics supporting him had been prepared and had started healing him awhile ago.

This Knight was an elite from Tyrannical Ambition. His equipment was better than Unrivaled Super Hottie’s, so with Clerics assisting him, he was able to survive the burst. When they saw that Dazzling Spring was still attacking this Knight, they finally came to a realization.

“Provoked! He’s been Provoked!!”  

“Hurry up and give him a Focus!!!” Blossom Valley finally realized as well, but they were too late. Unrivaled Super Hottie shouted “Next!” and another Knight from far away used Provoke. Dazzling Spring turned around and ran over to that side. Blossom Valley’s Clerics wanted to cast a Focus to dispel the Provoke, but after the Provoke had been relayed, they were no longer in reach. In order to get closer, they would need to ask if Tyrannical Ambition would kindly move aside.

“Hurry over!!”

This time, the players from Blossom Valley shouted these words. Except this time, the situation was completely different. Last time, Unrivaled Super Hottie and Dazzling Spring had been in a harmonious 1v1 environment. Even though both of them had been within Blossom Valley’s troops, no one else was attacking Unrivaled Super Hottie besides Dazzling Spring.

But this time, Dazzling Spring had been Provoked into Tyrannical Ambition’s troops, but he didn’t receive the same treatment. As soon as Dazzling Spring fell into the enemy’s hands, Ye Xiu shouted without any shame: “Kill him! What are you waiting for!!!”

The players from Tyrannical Ambition all attacked Dazzling Spring. How much health could a Spitfire have? In addition, after being Provoked, his movements were limited and didn’t really have any way to dodge the barrage of attacks. In the end, he could only survive a bit longer than a normal player before dying.

“Okay okay. He’s dead now. Stop charging towards him and hurry up and kill the boss.” With Dazzling Spring dead, Unrivaled Super Hottie immediately appeared between Blossom Valley and Tyrannical Ambition as if nothing had happened.

“F*ck! Kill him!!” The players from Blossom Valley heard his statement and went mad. What boss? Unrivaled Super Hottie’s existence was much more disgusting than the boss’s. Everyone threw their attacks at Unrivaled Super Hottie, not even caring if they themselves took damage.

Even a pro Knight wouldn’t be able to take this huge storm of attacks! Unrivaled Super Hottie ran away and involved the surrounding players. These players weren’t able to react in time and were instantly killed.

“So hot-headed!” Ye Xiu grumbled as he ran. The players he passed by gave him salutes. This guy carried a halo of a aggro. To be able to make the enemies attack without any regard for their lives, how capable was that?

“What’s the situation with the boss?” Unrivaled Super Hottie swiftly retreated from the frontlines and went to ask Jiang You’s Wandering Peak. His objectives quickly switched. After getting rid of Dazzling Spring, he stopped PKing and focused on the boss fight.

“Right now, Samsara has the advantage.” Jiang You was speechless for a good while.

“Too arrogant! I’ll go steal it back!! Knights, follow me!” Ye Xiu shouted.

The Knights looked at him in fear. The several players that were previously near Unrivaled Super Hottie had been killed in an instant from the enemy’s attacks. With such a huge amount of aggro on his head, who dared to stand next to him?

This Unrivaled Super Hottie directly asked the guild leader: “Can I take out the Knights and Clerics and have them join my team?”

“Okay.” Jiang You agreed decisively. He immediately reorganized the teams by putting all of the Clerics and Knights in one team. Then, he added Unrivaled Super Hottie into it.

“Knights, listen to my orders. Stop using Provoke.” Unrivaled Super Hottie instructed.

“What?”

“Wait for everyone’s Provoke to come off cooldown and then wait for my order. We’ll directly take the boss away in one swoop.” Unrivaled Super Hottie explained.

“How is that going to work?” No one believed him. The Knights from the other guilds weren’t dead. If we act, the enemies will do the same. It’ll just be a stalemate again.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 587: Honest Maelstrom Counterattack
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

In Unrivaled Super Hottie’s team, besides Knights, there were only Clerics.

These Knights were the same class as Unrivaled Super Hottie. They were used to being treated as respected uncles. Now, another Knight had suddenly taken command. None of them felt good about it. As for the Clerics? They were close partners with the tanks. In a situation, where they were wearing the same pair of pants, they weren’t happy with Unrivaled Super Hottie suddenly ordering them about either.

But there was nothing they could do. The experienced Jiang You had anticipated their emotions and said a few words to them. These elites weren’t playing the game full-time, but they were still playing the game part-time. Whenever they did something, they couldn’t just do as they pleased. Now that their guild leader had given them an order, even if they weren’t willing, they still had to listen.

“Knights, retreat!” Unrivaled Super Hottie instructed and the Knights at the front line withdrew.

“Clerics, heal me!” After the Knights fell back, Unrivaled Super Hottie gave another order and rushed forward directly into the enemy ranks. After activating Knight’s Spirit, he immediately used Sacrificial Roar!

The surrounding enemy guild players suffered under the effects of the roar and their next attack flew towards Unrivaled Super Hottie. A white aura emanated from Unrivaled Super Hottie’s shield. Following afterwards, he swung his shield and began blocking the incoming attacks.

“Maelstrom Counterattack!!” All of the Knights cried out in shock. 

“Since he activated Knight’s Spirit, it’s an Honest Maelstrom Counterattack......”

Maelstrom Counterattack was another Knight defensive skill. During its ten second duration, enemy attacks had a certain probability of being reflected back. Under Knight’s Spirit, Maelstrom Counterattack had a one hundred percent chance of reflecting the enemy’s attacks back. As a result, it was called “Honest Maelstrom Counterattack”. 

This type of skill wasn’t easy to use in PvP. As long as the opponent didn’t attack, Maelstrom Counterattack was useless. At the present, Knights mostly used this skill to interrupt the flow of battle. As soon as Maelstrom Counterattack came out, the opponent would immediately stop attacking, allowing Knights to use this opportunity to reorganize themselves.

Unrivaled Super Hottie’s usage of this skill obviously wasn’t to give his team a chance to rest. He had used Sacrificial Roar just before, forcing the enemies to attack him. The Clerics immediately tensed up. They didn’t think this guy would suddenly give them so much pressure.

Maelstrom Counterattack wasn’t Maelstrom Reflect. First, the shield absorbed the enemy attacks and then used the sword to strike back. The Knight wasn’t immune to damage during the duration. Whatever damage the attack should deal would still be dealt. Then, the damage would be returned to the opponent. If not, how else would a Knight be able to show honesty?

The elite Clerics didn’t dare to try and predict anything. They raised their crosses and cast their spells. They used everything they had from big heals to small heals, long cast times to instant casts. 

What would the result be like? They didn’t have any confidence. If the enemy attacks directly 100-0’d Unrivaled Super Hottie’s health, it wouldn’t matter how many Clerics they had!

And the result?

No one knew because this Sacrificial Roar affected too many targets. In an instant, everyone’s attacks flew out. It was like Zhang Jiale’s Hundred Blossoms fighting style. The attacks engulfed Unrivaled Super Hottie.

But Zhang Jiale’s light show was a form of protection, while Unrivaled Super Hottie would be taking crazy amounts of damage. This was something he had brought onto himself.

“He’s still not dead!!”

The others didn’t know the results, but the Clerics knew that their spells had locked onto Unrivaled Super Hottie. Since their spells hadn’t faded away yet, it meant he was still alive. These healing spells couldn’t be used on dead bodies. Only a Revive would work.

What was he trying to do?

Everyone asked themselves this question. At this moment, everyone could faintly see a silhouette flicker amidst the light. The flick was extremely quick and brief. It was the movement of someone jumping and falling rapidly. Then, everyone saw a shockwave disperse the light. The players surrounding Unrivaled Super Hottie were pushed away and knocked to the ground. Not a single one of them stood up.

“What?”

No one was able to respond for a moment. The light and shock wave had already passed. Unrivaled Super Hottie was still standing there with a whole bunch of white healing aura around him. All around him were players that had been knocked to the ground. The view was crystal clear. Everyone saw the scene and couldn’t help but cry out.

“Are you kidding me!!”

“Instant kill??”

“How is that possible?”

“How did it happen?”

“They’re not actually dead, right??”

All of the players that had been swept away by the shock wave were all dead. Their corpses and their equipment were scattered all across the ground. There were at least twenty players that had been struck by the shock wave. Some were from Samsara and some were from Blossom Valley. Even the Level 70 wild boss Blade Master Lan Rui wouldn’t be able to inflict such damage with one attack. But now, Unrivaled Super Hottie had somehow instantly killed off at least twenty players with one strike. No one on the battlefield was a noob. All of them were peak experts of the Heavenly Domain. This sort of occurrence had never happened before.

Were Knights this fearsome? Then what’s the point of other classes? Everyone might as well just be one…...

Amidst the widespread terror that had taken over the battlefield, Unrivaled Super Hottie stepped forward again. The players from Samsara and Blossom Valley had already forgotten their purpose in coming here. Just this one step made them retreat in a hurry. It was as if this step was a prelude to another huge massacre.

Let alone the two guilds that had been hit by the attack, even Tyrannical Ambition’s side was in fear, especially the Knights. They were so shocked, their eyes were about to pop out.

“What happened?” All of the Knights in Tyrannical Ambition just happened to be gathered together, so they quickly began discussing with each other.

“Were those guys already almost dead?"

“How could there be such a coincidence!”

‘If they weren’t already almost dead, then other than an Assassin’s Life-Risking Strike, how could they have instantly died?”

“It was too hard to see because of all of that light!”

“Was that shockwave from Heroic Leap?”

“Heroic Leap…… I didn’t see him jump…..”

“I thought I saw someone flicker.”

“Just a flicker?”

“If his hands are quick enough, maybe he did a small jump…..”

“Wait, could it be like this!!” Someone suddenly thought of something and shouted. Everyone turned to look at the speaker. It was Tyrannical Ambition’s number one Knight speaking. In other words, he was Tyrannical Ambition’s head tank. When Three Stones spoke, everyone calmed down and listened to him.

“He used Sacrificial Roar to concentrate the enemy attacks onto him. Then, by using Honest Maelstrom Counterattack, he absorbed everyone’s attacks. Finally, he used a Just Heroic Leap to return all of the absorbed damage to each person. With all of the damage he absorbed, of course it would be enough to instantly kill someone. Unrivaled Super Hottie was only able to survive all of that damage because of all of the Clerics crazily healing him.” Three Stones said.

“It can be used like that?” The Knights sucked in a cold breath. They were all experienced Knights. Apart from pro players, no one would dare to call themselves more experienced than them? But now, this Knight just did something they had never thought of before.

“I don’t know. I’ve never tried before. But I just read over the description for these skills and nothing said they couldn’t be used like this. But the problem is that actually doing it is extremely difficult even if you know the theory. You need to be extremely quick and precise with how you used your skills. We probably don’t have the ability to do it.”

The Knights listened and fell silent. They had played Glory for a long time. They recognized their own skill. Even if they knew the theory, if they tried, they definitely wouldn’t be able to succeed. They wouldn’t be able to do it even if they were lucky. The conditions were too strict.

“Who is this person?” The fourth branch Knight, Flight, asked gloomily. He originally thought he could use Unrivaled Super Hottie as a stepping stone to show his strength to the overall guild leader! But now from the looks of it, this guy’s skill level far surpassed him. With just this one move, anyone could tell that compared to him, Flight was just a nobody.

Flight asked something that was on the minds of many of them, but Three Stones didn’t answer. At this moment, Unrivaled Super Hottie shouted: “Are your Provokes ready!”

“Ready.” The attack had been too shocking. None of the Knights were unwilling anymore. They heard his question and promptly answered back.

“Line up and wait for my command. When you see it, immediately act.” Unrivaled Super Hottie shouted.

The Knights lined up and Unrivaled Super Hottie quickly typed out a “1”.

The first Knight acted and used a Provoke on the boss.

Samsara’s Knights were still resisting. One of their Knights was about to use a Provoke, when Unrivaled Super Hottie typed out a “1”.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 588: Crusader’s Trial
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Samsara really hadn’t noticed Tyrannical Ambition’s movements from the beginning.

When Samsara’s Knight used his Provoke, the boss had shifted its aggro to him, but had almost instantaneously been pulled back by Tyrannical Ambition’s Knight. Under Ye Xiu’s command, as long as the Knights from Tyrannical Ambition acted promptly, Provoke would be timed perfectly.

Thus, in the eyes of Samsara’s players and even Tyrannical Ambition’s own players, nothing seemed to have happened to the boss. It was still facing whatever direction it had been facing before. 

“What’s going on?”

The players from Tyrannical Ambition didn’t understand what was going on, but they weren’t worried. However, the players from Samsara were panicking. The boss was heading over to their enemies. The Knight that had used Provoke was puzzled too. His skill went on cooldown, but why was there no effect?

Blade Master Lan Rui definitely didn’t have any resistance towards it. It might be able to resist other skills, but definitely not Provoke. This was one of the boss’s characteristics. Against Provoke, the boss had absolutely no way of controlling himself.

As a result, Samsara’s Knight just thought he had messed up. He didn’t know how he messed up though, so he felt very ashamed. He immediately called for another Knight to come over.

Ye Xiu saw everything and when he saw the enemy Knight act, he immediately gave another order.

The next Tyrannical Ambition Knight was completely focused. As soon as he saw the order, he immediately used the skill.

Thus, Blade Master Lan Rui continued to have no reaction to the enemy’s Provokes. 

The players from Tyrannical Ambition were beginning to understand, but the players from Samsara were all staring at their two Knights.

The two Knights both felt very ashamed. The third Knight had already rushed over.

“My turn!” This Knight shouted as he used Provoke.

His loud voice didn’t mean his hands moved any quicker. In fact, it gave Ye Xiu a heads up. Ye Xiu saw everything clearly, but Tyrannical Ambition’s Knight couldn’t react with the precision of a machine. The third Provoke was just a tad bit slow.

As a result, this time, the players from Samsara finally saw Blade Master Lan Rui turn its head. The third Knight was already smiling to show his triumph, but Blade Master Lan Rui only turned its head slightly before turning back. The boss continued to head away.

Everyone from Samsara became petrified. They finally realized it. When the fourth Knight came out, someone paid attention to Tyrannical Ambition’s movements and discovered that Tyrannical Ambition’s Knight practically acted at the same time as their own Knight. There was almost no difference in timing between them, but when the skill effects came through, the boss would always continue moving towards Tyrannical Ambition.

If the boss moved any further, it would be too late!!

Samsara was alarmed. Tyrannical Ambition wanted to directly pull the boss into their troops. That way, unless they massacred Tyrannical Ambition, it would be extremely difficult to take regain the aggro. Right now, they couldn’t even consider whether or not it was possible to massacre Tyrannical Ambition. Even if they succeeded, they would certainly take heavy casualties. By then, whether or not they would have the manpower to deal with the Level 70 wild boss would be a huge issue.

“Hurry, everyone forward! We have to get it back!!” Samsara’s guild leader, Three Realms Six Paths, was starting to panic. Before, Tyrannical Ambition and Blossom Valley had been in a fierce conflict, so Samsara had been able to take the advantage in the boss fight, but now that the conflict had ended, Tyrannical Ambition had returned and taken away the boss. Even though the shock from Unrivaled Super Hottie instantly killing several players wasn’t small, he wasn’t willing to retreat. Three Realms Six Paths gave an order and personally led the charge to try to raise the morale of his troops.

But right when he shouted, a shadow suddenly appeared beside him. Three Realms Six Paths heard his subordinates warning him to be careful. He had only been paying attention to leading everyone and hadn’t paid attention to his own safety. He hastily tried to dodge, but it was already too late. He was struck directly by a Charge and sent flying. When he turned his head to look, he saw that it was Tyrannical Ambition’s Unrivaled Super Hottie.

For a moment, Three Realms Six Paths thought he was going to die, but he relaxed after seeing his health. He looked out and saw his players rushing forward like crazy. The Knights moved up together. Five of them had lined up and started competing with the enemies.

The five Knights Provoked one after the other, but Blade Master Lan Rui only turned its head twice. Its feet never stopped walking towards Tyrannical Ambition’s troops. The more it walked, the deeper it went until finally, Samsara couldn’t see it anymore.

“F*CK!!” The players from Samsara cursed. It was so ridiculous! Because they knew about this boss’s characteristics, the three guilds had brought more Knights with them. They had predicted it would turn into a Provoke war, but they never would have thought that it would become so one side so easily. It was like a small child playing tug of war against ten big men. The other side easily pulled the rope without any resistance. 

As for trying to make more space? Unrivaled Super Hottie led a few troops to block them. This guy was unbelievably arrogant and charged in alone like he was Zhao Yun. The players from Samsara were scared though. This guy had instantly killed twenty or so players. Who wouldn’t be afraid of him?

Everyone ran away as fast as they could from Unrivaled Super Hottie. With such fear in their hearts, it didn’t matter what formation they took. None of them could stand their ground. On the other hand, Tyrannical Ambition had charged into them and caused chaos. Once Unrivaled Super Hottie did enough here, he turned his head and ran towards Blossom Valley. He charged forward alone, but behind him were a bunch of Clerics. Everyone understood the situation now. This guy was running around alone so bravely because of all of the Clerics who were healing him.

But even if they knew, what could they do? Did anyone dare to face him?

No one in Samsara dared to, but Blossom Valley was different. The players from Blossom Valley had already gone crazy. They wanted to take revenge on Unrivaled Super Hottie! The boss? Not important! This guy had killed their God! Even though he hadn’t done it personally, it had clearly been orchestrated by him. Dazzling Spring had been forced deep into Tyrannical Ambition’s troops through use of Provoke. No matter how much of a God he was, he wouldn’t be able to survive under such heavy fire!

The players from Blossom Valley pounced towards Tyrannical Ambition. One was to take revenge. Two was to rescue their God. It didn’t matter if they died. They could revive!

Their momentum was astonishing and they completely ignored the boss. The players from Tyrannical Ambition were having trouble defending. Then, Unrivaled Super Hottie left the circle, killed Dazzling Spring, stole back the boss from Samsara, and was now heading back to save them.

“What are you fooling around for! He already revived! He’s not waiting for you guys!” Unrivaled Super Hottie lectured Blossom Valley.

The players from Blossom Valley went crazy.

Who the h*ll are you? You killed our God and now you’re lecturing us? We’ll bite you to death! 

The players from Blossom Valley cursed as they charged towards Unrivaled Super Hottie…...

Tyrannical Ambition’s Knight team was fighting with the boss, but they were paying attention to Unrivaled Super Hottie’s movements. Seeing the players from Blossom Valley mercilessly rushing towards Unrivaled Super Hottie, they suddenly felt an ominous premonition.   

‘Are his cooldowns up?” Someone asked.

“Knight’s Spirit shouldn’t be up yet.” Someone replied. Knight’s Spirit was a Knight’s Awakening skill, so it had a fairly long cooldown, nearly five minutes. Unrivaled Super Hottie killed Dazzling Spring and won back the boss. He had been very efficient since his previous instant kills. It hadn’t been five minutes yet, so Knight’s Spirit shouldn’t have been up. From their analysis, the previous fighting method required Knight’s Spirit. It only worked with Honest Maelstrom Counterattack and Just Heroic Leap.

“Even without Knight’s Spirit, it’s probably still very scary.” Someone said, seeing that Knight’s Spirit wasn’t up yet. 

“We can do a simple calculation, he has…..”

“Stop stop, by the time you finish calculating, it’ll be over already.” Someone said.

“But at least he doesn’t need to use Sacrificial Roar……” Someone else said.

Afterwards, the Knights looked at Blossom Valley’s players and sighed deeply: “He can even establish such strong aggro on players, wow…….”

Everyone sighed and shook their heads. Compared to his exceptional technical skill, this guy’s ability to pull player aggro was tyrannical! He’s a perfect model!

“Look, he’s starting to act!” At this moment, someone shouted. All of the Knights turned to look and saw Unrivaled Super Hottie’s shield glow white.

Knight’s Spirit truly had a long cooldown, but Maelstrom Counterattack and Heroic Leap didn’t have as long of a cooldown. These skills were up and could still be used.

“This is common sense…… why does he need to save up his skills for Knight’s Spirit? Knight’s Spirit refreshes cooldowns anyways!”

“True, true.” Everyone was discussing amongst themselves. Unrivaled Super Hottie had used Maelstrom Counterattack to absorb the attacks, but he didn’t use Heroic Leap. Instead, he charged forward with his shield and sword swinging.

“Crusader’s Trial!!!!” The Knights shouted.  

Crusader’s Trial was a Knight’s Level 70 skill. It required the player to continuously attack and allowed the Knight to maintain an extremely fast movement speed not any slower than Charge. This skill had six levels. At level one, three strikes could be made. With every increase in level, one additional strike could be made. The first strike was the base. It had twelve times the attack power of a normal attack. Every strike afterwards had the attack power of the first strike, in addition to the combined damage that was dealt by every previous strike. 

This skill was said to represent the eight crusades to the east.

Even though the crusades to the east failed, in the game, each attack from Crusader’s Trial was stronger than the last. 

The players from Tyrannical Ambition were beginning to understand, but the players from Samsara were all staring at their two Knights.

The two Knights both felt very ashamed. The third Knight had already rushed over.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 589: Retreat in Defeat
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

“He’s using Crusader’s Trial with Maelstrom Counterattack!” The Knights sucked in a cold breath. In theory, it didn’t violate the game’s rules, but the difficulty of it was simply too high. Crusader’s Trial was a Level 70 skill, so it would naturally be more complex than other skills. Using Crusader’s Trial with Maelstrom Counterattack required exceptionally fast hands. It was something that normal players wouldn’t even attempt to do.

But Unrivaled Super Hottie was doing it.

“Maybe he’s just trying it out? It might not be successful?” Some people found it too difficult to believe. In any case, they couldn’t help but feel a bit sour upon seeing someone of the same class as them being so much better.

As a result, they watched the movements of Unrivaled Super Hottie with wide eyes.

First strike, hit!

The closest enemy, an Assassin, was sent flying by Unrivaled Super Hottie. The first strike of Crusader’s Trial didn’t usually have such attack power, but this strike also included the additive attack power from Maelstrom Counterattack. Even though he didn’t have Knight’s Spirit activated, he had still gathered the attacks of so many enemies. His single strike contained the combined attack power of these enemy attacks.

Assassins weren’t tanky classes in the first place. The battle had lasted so long already, so his health hadn’t been full either. After being sent flying by the strike, he never stood up again. He had been killed instantly.

Next, the second strike!

Crusader’s Trial was a skill with terrifying attack power to begin with, but the attack had to hit the opponent in order to deal damage. Crusader’s Trial added attack power to the next strike based on the damage from the previous strikes, not the attack power of the previous strikes. Attack power and damage were two very different concepts. Damage is how much health the target loses when hit by an attack. If the attack misses the target, then no matter how high the attack power is, the damage will always remain at zero.

The first strike of Crusader’s Trial hit its target. Moreover, because of Maelstrom Counterattack, the first strike had dealt enough damage to instantly kill its target. It was obvious how terrifying the second strike would be. The Knights from Tyrannical Ambition obviously knew how Crusader’s Trial worked, so when they saw Unrivaled Super Hottie activate Crusader’s Trial, they were shocked that he actually managed to pull it off. From his move choices, they weren’t surprised at the power. As a high level damage skill, Crusader’s Trial gave impressive results.

The second strike also hit.

Unrivaled Super Hottie was mainly a melee class. The first strike hit the Assassin and obtained a huge damage number. Even though the second strike no longer carried the effects of Maelstrom Counterattack, the second strike dealt damage based on the previous strike, so it instantly killed an enemy Ghostblade too.

The third strike!

This strike’s attack power had the combined damage of both the Assassin and Ghostblade strikes. Unrivaled Super Hottie clearly didn’t care about which class he attacked anymore. He raised his sword and slashed at the nearest enemy, a Berserker. Even though the Berserker was tankier, the accumulated attack power wasn’t something a Berserker could bear and he instantly died as well.

 Next, the fourth and fifth strike…...

Whether or not Crusader’s Trial hit the target indicated whether or not Crusader’s Trial would kill the target. The damage numbers accumulated so far were more than enough to instantly kill any player.

No matter how angry the players from Blossom Valley were towards Unrivaled Super Hottie, if they went up to face him, they would just be killing themselves. Helpless, they could only run away. However, Crusader’s Trial gave the Knight movement speed equivalent to that of Charge. Many players didn’t have the ability to deal with such quick movement speed and would end up running around swinging their sword randomly like a blind cat trying to catch mice, but Unrivaled Super Hottie?

To put it simply, he also looked like he was just randomly swinging his sword, but maybe it was because of luck, or he truly had the ability, every single one of his strikes hit a player. When Crusader’s Trial ended, eight players from Blossom Valley had fallen. 

The recklessness of the players from Blossom Valley had been interrupted by this crazy slaughter. The players from Blossom Valley had also deduced Unrivaled Super Hottie’s method. Such terrifying attack power was much scarier than the boss’s. Using this sort of method might have been thought of before by other players, but it was only in theory. However, today, someone had finally put it into practice. It felt like something from a legend suddenly popped up in front of their eyes.

“Would anyone else like to try?” Unrivaled Super Hottie’s stern voice scared them. Eight corpses lay at his feet. Everyone else was standing far away from him. Even the players from Tyrannical Ambition didn’t dare to get close to him.

But it was a bit awkward to just stand there looking at him. The players from Blossom Valley were hoping their God would suddenly descend from their skies and crush this demon, but when they took a closer look, Dazzling Spring’s corpse had disappeared. Dazzling Spring had clearly chosen to revive back at the city. The players from Blossom Valley checked their team list and confirmed that he was gone.

When a character died and revived at the city, the character would be automatically be kicked out of the team.

He already left?

They weren’t surprised. After all, he wasn’t a normal person, but a God. Dead on the ground and waiting for someone to revive him wasn’t something that would happen.  

Dazzling Spring!

All of the players from Blossom Valley that had participated in the battle remembered this name. It was just that they didn’t know if this character was really Zhang Jiale’s or if he had borrowed an account to play around with. When this person joined Blossom Valley, who added him, how he joined……. Blossom Valley’s guild leader Blooming Blossom asked the members in charge of management. None of them new. He tried added Dazzling Spring as a friend, but the other side had disabled the option. 

If this player was a normal player, Blooming Blossom would ask everyone in the guild chat, but because this player was their respected God, he didn’t dare to be rash.

“Guild leader, we should……” Someone from Blossom Valley asked his guild leader.

“We’re leaving.” Blooming Blossom said.

Everyone else was thinking the same thing. After finding out God Zhang Jiale had been playing with them, no one in Blossom Valley wanted to fight the boss anymore. Plus, there was still that demon, who they might not even be able to subdue. It would be better to just go back and see if they could find a chance to pay their respects to their God. Maybe they could ask for some magic treasures and use those to vanquish the demon. Wasn’t that how fantasy novels like Journey to the West and Investiture of the Gods played out?

The players from Blossom Valley began to leave. Obviously, no one would stop them. Their goal was the boss, not PvP. Seeing Blossom Valley leave, if they weren’t busy at the moment, they would probably express their thanks.

With Blossom Valley gone, Unrivaled Super Hottie could go and focus on taking care of Samsara.

Samsara had experienced instant deaths. They were happy to see Unrivaled Super Hottie going over to Blossom Valley’s side, but now Blossom Valley ran away with their butts bare. Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t stop for a rest and immediately headed for them.

Samsara’s players were suddenly scared. Everyone asked their guild leader for instructions.

Three Realms Six Paths saw this scene. Their morale was already extremely low. In addition, the other side had an incredible expert. Even without this expert, with Blossom Valley gone, it would be a one on one fight against Tyrannical Ambition. The boss had been taken away by Tyrannical Ambition already and taking the boss back starting from a disadvantageous position would be extremely difficult.

Three Realms Six Paths had no other choice. He sighed and ordered: “We’re leaving too.”

Samsara also left. No one would stop them. With Samsara gone, only Tyrannical Ambition was left. Quite a few of them were excited about winning over the boss.

Jiang You was extremely nervous though. He typed out a string of private messages to his trusted aides.

With no one interfering, Tyrannical Ambition could easily take the boss. It was just a matter of time. However, against just a single boss, all of these players were somewhat excessive. Many of them weren’t able to find a spot to attack the boss. They could only wander around. The players that Jiang You contacted were among these wanderers.

“Nothing.”

“Nothing.” 

“Nothing.”

One message after the other returned to Jiang You.

“Don’t be careless.” Jiang You replied in a serious tone. 

Everyone was puzzled. The guild leader wanted them to pay attention to any ambushes or suspicious players. Everyone had gone in a large circle. Everything was extremely quiet. There weren’t any passersby, spectators, or scrap pickers. There was nothing around.

But since the guild leader cared, they had to care too. They had walked in a big circle clockwise. Now, they were going back counterclockwise. When they came back, the boss was pretty much finished and they really didn’t find anything strange.

Jiang You was unable to get over it. Was there really no scheme? Impossible! It was impossible! That guy couldn’t have just come over to help us, right? He’s got to be scheming something! Since they were fighting against a wild boss, he must be going for the materials, right? But the boss fight was going very steadily. The only way to mess with it was to disband the team. However, only the team leader could do it. Everything seemed absolutely safe, but the safer it was, the more uneasy Jiang You became because he felt like he was missing something.

“Guild leader, it’s about to fall!” A report came at this moment.

“Okay……” Jiang You replied. His character moved forward. At the same time, he joined in with the team in charge of aggro control. The team leader position was transferred over to him. This was something that they often did. If the guild leader was leading the team, then he should be in the correct position.

Jiang You’s Wandering Peak walked towards the boss, but he didn’t look at the boss. He focused his attention on Unrivaled Super Hottie. As for Unrivaled Super Hottie? The situation was already stable, so he was just idling around.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 590: The Hidden Agenda 
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Unrivaled Super Hottie had stopped moving!

So scary! It must be some sort of scheme! 

“Everyone, be careful!” Jiang You shouted out in reflex. The players from Tyrannical Ambition tensed up. Being veterans, they didn’t question the order and became fully alert instead, surveying their surroundings. 

There was nothing around them.

The Tyrannical Ambition players discovered nothing. Jiang You himself didn’t see anything going on either. The only thing he noticed was that Unrivaled Super Hottie had suddenly stopped moving. He thought this was abnormal, so he panicked. 

The players were on guard, but they didn’t see anything dangerous. Everyone was somewhat puzzled. However, Jiang You was still paying close attention to Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

Unrivaled Super Hottie still didn’t move.

Why isn’t he moving? Something just didn’t add up. He slowly looked around. Tears streamed down his cheeks. 

He finally understood why Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t move.

The boss was dead….

They were fighting the boss. With the boss dead, why would he make any movements? If he actually made any movements, then that would truly be alarming.

There really was nothing going on? 

Jiang You was doubtful, but at the same time, he was embarrassed for raising a false alarm.

The guild leader of Tyrannical Ambition wasn’t any ordinary person. Jiang You calmly smiled and said, “I’m picking up the loot!” 

The players stared blankly for a moment, before laughing out loud. Their guild leader was just pulling their legs! They laughed, appreciating their guild leader’s sense of humor. 

Jiang You walked up to the corpse of Blade Master Lang Rui. He needed to get close enough to the corpse to pick up the drops.

At that moment, one of his subordinates, a Knight named Three Stones, sent him a private message: I’ll cover you. 

“Oh?” Jiang You was puzzled after receiving the message, but he quickly understood its meaning.

Could he be waiting for him to pick up the loot and then use that opportunity to suddenly act out and kill him?

This might be what the guy was planning!

Although the stakes were high with a plan like this, there was no other way to steal items dropped by a boss under such watchful eyes. He might not get what he wanted, but he might also have set up ambushes at his re-spawn location. Does he know which main city my account is bound to?

As Jiang You pondered this issue, Three Stones led a squad of Knights and Clerics forward as if they were just going closer to take a look. By doing this, they separated Jiang You’s Wandering Peak from Unrivaled Super Hottie.

They paid close attention to Unrivaled Super Hottie, ready to respond. 

Nothing happened. 

Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t move even after Jiang You finished picking up the drops.

Jiang You and Three Stones looked at each other

They were both working in the Club Tyrannay’s studio and could communicate with each other in real life. They opted to use in-game means of communication so that they would not be exposed. 

“He still hasn’t showed any reaction.” Jiang You messaged Three Stones. 

“Could we have been wrong?” Three Stones replied.

“Who else but him could possess such skill?” said Jiang You. 

“The Spitfire earlier...” Three Stones’s reply wasn’t very tactful.

“That person was most likely Zhang Jiale!” Jiang You said, but he wasn’t interested in Zhang Jiale. “What do you think of his skills as a Knight?” 

“Me? You’re letting me to assess someone on an entirely different level from me?” Three Stones smiled bitterly. 

“I just want to know your opinion!” Jiang You was helpless as well. Their game studio couldn’t expect long-term help from a pro player! If they had to assess the strength of a pro-player, they wouldn’t be able to get comprehensive results. This was just like how they had suffered defeat after defeat by the hands of Lord Grim despite knowing that he was Ye Qiu. Their encounter with Ye Qiu in the Western Wilderness was a perfect example. They thought they had the absolute advantage in the Heavenly Domain with their superior numbers. In the end, they still got steamrolled. They didn’t even know what level of strength they would need to defeat a God.

Three Stones couldn’t resist the urge to roll his eyes at Jiang You in real life, “In my honest opinion, he’s as good as any Knight in the pro league.” he replied. 

“But these pro players definitely don’t have the time to play the game, yes?” Jiang You said.

“Obviously.” 

“Then he must be Ye Qiu!” Jiang You concluded. 

“Haven’t we always treated him as Ye Qiu?”

“But why isn’t he moving? He can’t be here to help out our guild, right?” Jiang You was puzzled. 

“What if he’s already gathered more helpers and is planning on taking us out in one fell swoop?” Three Stones suggested.

“Are you talking about Heavenly Justice….” Jiang You pondered.

They used to think that Ye Qiu would be isolated in the Heavenly Domain, but in the first few days since his arrival, he had already formed good relations with Heavenly Justice. They had never truly investigated the strength of Heavenly Justice because player-formed guilds were not their main competitors. They viewed Heavenly Justice as a rich man’s toy. They had never thought that their guild would one day become their competitors in the pro league.

The higher ups of the Clubs blamed Heavenly Justice’s sudden momentum on the guild leaders. To have overlooked the growth of a team with such a strong foundation in the game, the guild leaders of the Club guilds could be said to have neglected their duties. 

The Club guilds began paying more attention to Heavenly Justice afterwards. Heavenly Justice fully utilized the incidents caused by the guilds to bolster their own strength and popularity. The momentum gained by their team attracted a lot of attention. Despite being supported by a “money warrior”, they insisted on promoting themselves as a grassroots team. They were recruiting massively and throwing out a lot of money to gain benefits, creating a huge wave of excitement. It didn’t matter what Heavenly Justice’s original intentions were, they were able to set up a solid foundation. If the team managed to become famous in the pro scene, the players in the guild would turn into their loyal fans.

With such ambition, how could Heavenly Justice neglect the competition for wild bosses? Player-formed guilds had never been competition for Club guilds when it came to wild bosses, but with Heavenly Justice now at the same level as them, did they need to hide anymore? Could Unrivaled Super Hottie be a pawn of Heavenly Justice? 

“Come to think of it, does Heavenly Justice have the strength to face us? Besides, it would be bad for both sides to get involved in open conflict!” Three Stones said.

“It’s different. They’re in an unusual place right now. They could have some unconventional means.” Jiang You said, “Their morale is very high too. It’d be easy for them to rally their forces. Besides, their boss himself is in the game. They can get more resources easily compared to us. If they needed to do something big, just one word from the boss would be enough to make it happen. But then again, would they really need to use Ye Qiu as a spy to pull off such a move?” 

Three Stones replied thoughtfully, “By using Ye Qiu’s strength, they can quickly get close to him and obtain more confidential information, right?” 

“They can just throw their money at us if they wanted it so badly. If they offered us ten thousand bucks for a piece of information, wouldn’t you sell it?” Jiang You asked. 

“This question is too sensitive…..” Three Stones replied. 

“There are hundreds of us here. All of us hold vital intelligence about our operation. Do you think not one of them could be bribed?” Jiang You asked. 

Three Stones was silent. Despite being a disgusting strategy, money was undoubtedly the most effective way for one to achieve their goals. Ten thousand bucks for some information….. Three Stones would probably have given in too. 

“This is why Unrivaled Super Hottie is so suspicious….” said Jiang You. 

“How about exposing him right away?” Three Stones said. 

“No, we’ll continue observing him. For now, let’s pull back. We’ll decide what to do once he reveals his trickery. When worse comes to the worst, we’ll suffer another loss.” Jiang You was already preparing for the worst case scenario. 

“There’s also a chance that he’s not Ye Qiu.” Three Stones was still optimistic. 

“I have a plan.” Jiang You had a sudden thought after hearing Three Stone’s words. He moved Wandering Peak closer to Unrivaled Super Hottie after secretly transferring his items to Three Stones. 

Jiang You walked up to Unrivaled Super Hottie and spoke with a jovial tone, “Brother, you’re good!” 

“Haha, it’s nothing.” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied with a laugh. 

Even though Jiang You tried hard to confirm the identity of the person through his voice, he hadn’t interacted much with Ye Xiu despite their numerous conflicts. It was hard to recognise him through voice only. Since Jiang You was very suspicious, his voice sounded a lot like Ye Xiu. 

“Brother, your skills far surpass the average player’s!” Jiang You said . 

“Of course, look at my name.” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied.

“Hah! I’m sure you know of our guild. If you want, I can recommend you to our pro team! With your skill level, I think you could make it into the pro league! Of course, I’m not that skillful, I can’t guarantee that I’m correct.” said Jiang You. 

“Hehe, the pro league? I’m more interested in the game.” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied. 

“Haha, if that’s the case, you can join Tyrannical Ambition, brother!” Jiang You exclaimed. 

“No problem.” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied. 

“Four branch guild leader, this brother now belongs to your guild!” Jiang You called out. 

“What?” The fourth branch guild leader was shocked. Everyone had witnessed Unrivaled Super Hottie’s skill. He could easily replace Three Stones of the main guild. To place him in the fourth branch? What is the meaning of this? 

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 591: Laboring for the Guild
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

With the boss battle settled, the players from Tyrannical Ambition began to leave Sword Peak Ravine. Jiang You still had his guard up, but everything went smoothly. Unrivaled Super Hottie left the place along with the group just like that.

The players were very curious about Unrivaled Super Hottie. The fourth branch guild leader noticed that something was definitely off, and quietly walked over to Jiang You. 

“How should I deal with Unrivaled Super Hottie?” the fourth branch guild leader asked. He believed that the guild leader had some special plan in store. With Unrivaled Super Hottie’s strength, he should at least have been one of the elite core members. Joining the main guild wouldn’t have been a problem at all, but instead, he was exiled to a branch guild. Something fishy was going on. 

“He might be Ye Qiu.” Jiang You hadn’t openly share his suspicions before because it had only been a baseless speculation, but with Unrivaled Super Hottie’s performance displayed, and with the pro league as bait, Jiang You was now very certain. Although there would be Glory players who weren’t interested in the pro league, they were the minority. Unrivaled Super Hottie’s firm decision added onto Jiang You’s suspicion. Or rather, he no longer suspected the person. He was entirely sure of it. 

“Ah!” The fourth branch guild leader gasped. 

“We don’t know his goal yet,” Jiang You continued, “but since he wants to play, we’ll play along with him.” 

“Huh?” The fourth branch guild leader was puzzled. Even though he had never participated in the conflicts with God Ye Qiu, he had heard all about them. The Club guilds were a mess because of him! To have such a walking disaster be a part of his guild, the fourth branch guild leader felt his heartbeat increase. He began to feel nervous. 

“Even though he definitely doesn’t have good intentions, you’ve seen his strength. We could use him. When he joins your guild, send him to a random team. Use him for hard labor.” Jiang You said.

The fourth branch guild leader was amazed by Jiang You. He had the courage to use a God as a hard laborer. Their guild leader was too incredible. 

“But you must pay close attention to him. Put him in a group with someone you trust. It’ll make it easier to keep an eye on him.” Jiang You had already put in a considerable amount of thought. 

“Okay, I understand.” The fourth branch guild leader nodded. 

“Good, we’ll leave it at that for now then.” Jiang You said, while giving Unrivaled Super Hottie a warm greeting. Then, he took the main guild’s troops and left. Only a fight for Bosses could gather so many people in one place. Other activities, such as dungeon runs were done according to the respective guilds.

Jiang You and his group went far away until they couldn’t no longer see Unrivaled Super Hottie. They were completely safe and sound. Only then could he relax.

“We’ll feign ignorance, and let him work hard to gain our trust! He’ll be a useful pawn, especially when it comes to competing for bosses.” Jiang You told Three Stones. 

“Is it alright to bring him along? He didn’t make any movements this time. Maybe his target wasn’t Blade Master Lang Rui?” 

“It’s quite possible.” Jiang You nodded, “I think he intends to infiltrate the upper layers of our guild to get first hand information and then act when the time is right for a boss he needs.” 

“We’ll need to be careful then. We’ll do things like what we did today. He’ll never be able to make off with the items dropped by the boss.” said Three Stones. 

“I’m afraid that he might wreak havoc when he doesn’t find any opportunities.” Jiang You said. 

“That would be scary…..” Three Stones recalled the unparalleled destructive capabilities of Unrivaled Super Hottie. His heart was full of envy and jealousy. Who wouldn’t want to be as majestic-looking as him? Three Stones glanced at the sword in his hand and sighed. He would never be as skilled. As a veteran Knight, he could clearly see Unrivaled Super Hottie’s mastery over the Maelstrom Counterattack. 

With the players from the main guild were gone, only a few members of the branch guilds were left. Since this time’s boss was special, elite Knights and Clerics of the branch guilds were present. Under normal circumstances, only the Knights from the main guild were required. 

“Brother, what next?” The fourth branch guild leader inherited Jiang You’s warmth and acted like he was concerned about Unrivaled Super Hottie.

“Nothing much.” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied casually, “I’ve got to recover my experience points!” 

“Ahh, that’s a must. How about finding a team to dungeon with?” The fourth branch guild leader asked.

“Sure!” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied.

With some quick arrangements, Unrivaled Super Hottie was contacted by his new team members. 

“See you later.” Unrivaled Super Hottie said goodbye to the other members of the fourth branch guild and left with his new teammates. 

“Guild Leader.” The fourth branch guild’s number one Knight, Flight, called out to his guild leader. 

“Hm?” 

“Are there any special arrangements for Unrivaled Super Hottie?” Flight tried this best to gain some insight on the situation. To put Unrivaled Super Hottie in the fourth branch guild, there must be something wrong. Flight felt uncomfortable. He had always been looking for a chance to prove himself, but no Knight would be able to outdo Unrivaled Super Hottie’s recent performance. 

“Uh, we’ll leave it at that!” The fourth branch guild leader answered vaguely. It wasn’t because he didn’t trust Flight. It was due to the fact that he knew the person well. He knew that Flight was wary of Unrivaled Super Hottie, and was reluctant to share such news to with someone filled with negative emotions. 

Flight knew that his guild leader was intentionally dodging the question. He was anxious. With such a great Knight around, he felt pressured. The players that had played with Unrivaled Super Hottie would no longer think that Flight was good.

Flight’s worry was proven to be correct. 

Unrivaled Super Hottie was highly praised by his new party members, and the entire fourth branch immediately knew of the presence of the top-notch Knight in their guild, even if he wasn’t officially a part of their guild yet.

When Unrivaled Super Hottie officially joined the fourth branch guild of Tyrannical Ambition a few days later, his reputation was already very high. The celebratory welcome he received almost broke Flight’s heart. 

“Boss Unrivaled, which dungeon do you want to run?” Quite a few players asked impatiently. His name had already become “Boss Unrivaled”. People with true strength easily earned recognition from others. Although he held no official position, he already had the qualifications in the people’s heart. 

“Haha, it doesn’t matter, I’ll go wherever I’m needed!” Unrivaled Super Hottie answered in a carefree manner. The guild members were full of joy. Happy Sheep’s breakthrough with Unrivaled Super Hottie’s help made every team in the guild extremely jealous. As a result, in these past few days, all of the teams were asking their guild leader for Unrivaled Super Hottie. Usually, team members were fixed and wouldn’t be transferred so easily, but for an exceptional expert like Unrivaled Super Hottie, why was he in that team? Why can’t he be in ours? Thus, everyone demanded their guild leader for an answer. The fourth branch guild leader didn’t object. Unrivaled Super Hottie was there for labor anyways! He let them contact Unrivaled Super Hottie and indicated that Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t belong to any fixed team!

People were basically openly competing with each other for Unrivaled Super Hottie’s assistance. The guy himself didn’t decline any invitation, and went into dungeons with different teams. With him officially in the guild, contacting him became even easier. The team leaders were swarming him with requests.

“F*ck, you guys already dungeoned with Boss Unrivaled a few days ago, piss off!” 

“Sh*t, you dare to let Boss Unrivaled go into such a trash dungeon?” 

“D*mmit, first come first serve, alright? We invited him first.” 

“My ass, look at the chat, I did it first!” 

“F*ck, ask Boss Unrivaled which dungeon he wants to go to. That doesn’t count!” 

“D*mmit, my words were indirect, but my intentions were clear!” 

The guild chat erupted into chaos. Everybody was fighting for Unrivaled Super Hottie’s attention. Flight’s heart was broken once again. He was lucky that the elite squad that he belonged to didn’t beg for Unrivaled Super Hottie’s attention.

“Hahaha, everybody settle down. I’ll go with the brothers that I’ve never dungeoned with before.” Unrivaled Super Hottie said. 

“See, Boss Unrivaled has spoken. The rest of you, back off!” Someone immediately said. 

The ones, like Happy Sheep’s team, backed off with some grumbling. The guild finally settled down after Unrivaled Super Hottie declared his intentions. 

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 592: Sharing the Labor
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Ye Xiu spent most of his time on Unrivaled Super Hottie. He didn’t completely stop leveling Lord Grom, but if he had spent his time on Lord Grim instead, Lord Grim would have been around the level 60 threshold by now. Focusing on Unrivaled Super Hottie, going into different dungeons with different parties, working hard as a tank, Chen Guo didn’t know what Ye Xiu could get out of doing these things. 

Chen Guo couldn’t hold herself back and asked Ye Xiu, but Ye Xiu was talking loudly into the mic. He couldn’t hear anything from Chen Guo. 

Ye Xiu’s Unrivaled Super Hottie had originally been laying low. He rarely said anything, but with his strength already known, the person in charge of the team didn’t dare to order him around. Out of necessity, Ye Xiu had to take charge. With such an expert in charge, everybody on the team was happy to carry out his orders, especially since they achieved good results with Ye Xiu leading. The name of “Brother Unrivaled” became more and more self-fulfilling. 

In the past few days, according to Chen Guo’s observations, Ye Xiu had gone into 22 different dungeons with 22 different parties, and all of them were 100-player dungeons. They always cleared them too. In terms of efficiency, Ye Xiu’s addition was astonishing. 

Tyrannical Ambition’s fourth branch players was happy to reap the benefits. They had gained the upper hand in their competition against the other branch guilds. The other branch guilds weren’t happy after learning the truth. They swarmed Jiang You, protesting Unrivaled Super Hottie’s presence in the fourth branch guild. 

Jiang You didn’t expect that the guy would cause trouble even when he was used for hard labor. He couldn’t help but feel impressed. Ye Xiu really was a God. Everything he did got the attention of others.

The leaders of the branch guilds were naturally Tyrannical Ambition’s absolute core members. They were more trustworthy than the elites within the main guild. With their nonstop complaints, Jiang You had a meeting with them to tell them the truth. 

“He’s Ye Qiu! No wonder!!” The branch guild leaders immediately understood after being exposed to the truth. 

“Which is why he must have some ill intentions by joining Tyrannical Ambition. However, his motives remain hidden. For now, we’re just using his strength to benefit ourselves.” Jiang You explained. 

The branch guild leaders approved of Jiang You’s plan. The idea of using their archnemesis as a work slave was very appealing. 

“Even so, there’s no reason that the fourth branch guild alone should keep him to themselves. We deserve a share too, don’t we?” The second branch guild leader said. 

“Ha ha ha, we’re on the same side. There’s no need to make a fuss about it.” The leader of the fourth branch laughed. 

“He’s in your guild, so of course you’d say that.”The leader of the fifth branch guild rolled his eyes. He knew about Wolf Head’s encounter with Unrivaled Super Hottie. Even though he got bullied, they were still on the same side, so the option of revenge through petty tricks had gone out the window, but after learning the truth, he couldn’t help but feel that the presence of Ye Qiu was like a cheat engine for the fourth branch guild. It wasn’t fair. It was like the fourth branch guild had started using a cheat engine, especially how their teams kept on making breakthroughs in the dungeons. With the members of the fourth guild acting high and mighty after their achievements, didn’t they know that their success was achieved only because such a top-tier player? 

Jiang You wasn’t angry at the situation. Instead, he laughed, “Okay, there’s no need to fight. Using Ye Qiu as a slave for our guild is a good thing. It’s a rare opportunity. Everybody should get to have some of the fun, so let’s let him switch between branch guilds!” 

With Jiang You making his stance clear, the leader of the fourth branch guild had nothing more to say. They were still people that considered more than obtaining benefits, “Will he notice it if we overdo it?” 

“So what? Hehe, it’s nothing! If worse come to the worst, he’ll just leave. We have nothing to lose.” Jiang You replied, appearing to have given the issue a thorough amount of thought beforehand. Despite that, Jiang You had a bad feeling about his plan. Even though they had paid close attention to Unrivaled Super Hottie, a God’s movements weren’t comprehensible by normal players. 

The other branch guild leaders agreed. With such a highly intelligent spy, so what if they treated him roughly? We don’t expect anything from you, but since you’re already here, we might as well use you to the fullest!

The branch guild leaders began to argue about the distribution of their “free labor”. Since it was harmless, Jiang You didn’t interfere and instead joined in on the fun. In the end, they voted for the third branch guild to use the “cheat engine”.

“Just one day?! You’re kidding me. How much can he do in one day!!” The leader of the third branch guild was furious when he learnt that he was granted access to the “cheating engine” for only a day. 

“Then how many days do you want him for? If you keep him for too long, and he left just like that, then won’t we lose our source of fun?” The leaders of the other branch guilds refuted.

“I’ll at least keep him for as long as the fourth branch guild did.” The leader of the third branch guild argued.

In the end, no one was willing to compromise. There were a lot of branch guilds under the banner of Tyrannical Ambition. If all of them took turns, there might be a chance that there would be some that wouldn’t get the chance to use the free labor. They didn’t plan on treating him well. What if he just left after the first day?

In the end, they completely got rid of the initial decision. They decided to let Unrivaled Super Hottie choose whoever invited him.

“I have something say about this!” Jiang You said after they came to a conclusion, “He has to do it on his own free will. Do not entice him with any conditions!” 

“Oh?” The branch guilds leaders were momentarily stunned.

“If we competed against each other for his help, who would benefit from it in the end?” Jiang You continued. 

The leaders of the branch guilds suddenly came to a realization. They immediately agreed to Jiang You’s terms. 

Jiang You was finally relieved. He was alarmed by the decision of the branch guild leaders. He immediately suspected Ye Qiu’s real intention: throwing himself into their guild and invoking conflict within the guild as an elite that was sought-after by everyone….

How crafty! Luckily, I noticed it! Jiang You thought. 

Tyrannical Ambition had made a decision. In the meantime, Ye Xie was becoming increasingly busy. With Jiang You’s approval to use his strength, players other than the ones from the fourth branch guild were asking for his help. Even the ones from the main guild were looking for him. Jiang You didn’t stop these activities. As long as none of them gave away any benefits. Anyone could use Ye Qiu. After all, wasn’t it all good for Tyrannical Ambition? 

Jiang You was extremely pleased with his arrangements with Ye Qiu as the branch guilds made excellent progress in dungeons. Tyrannical Ambition was involved with a few more conflicts for bosses during the past two weeks. Jiang You wanted to use him for free labor, but he held his impulsiveness back. He pondered over it and felt like he should use him to clear dungeons to the point where he gave up. Jiang You could never trust him when it came to killing bosses.

However, even though Jiang You was reluctant to deploy his cheat engine, the other guilds weren’t the same.

Blossom Valley’s Dazzling Spring was very popular at the moment. With his help, Blossom Valley was doing very well. The Three Great Guilds couldn’t gain an upper hand against Blossom Valley. Even at the momentous, Samsara was being suppressed. This player’s unprecedented strength had garnered a lot of attention and was shrouded in rumors. 

Some said that he was Zhang Jiale, others claimed that the person was Zou Yuan. Some even said that he was a new member of Team Hundred Blossom that would take over  Dazzling Hundred Blossom and was playing in game to train himself. There was even a rumor that the person was someone who had trained for years and joined Blossom Valley, ready to show his true strength. 

The rumors even went out of hand, but such an expert easily attracted attention of the pro teams. Many had tried to get in touch of this character. Ye Xiu was one of them. He chatted with the person from time to time in QQ. 

“You’ve been busy these days, what are you planning on doing?” Ye Xiu asked. 

“What about your work in Tyrannical Ambition?” Zhang Jiale answered with a question of his own.

“I’m on official business!” Ye Xiu replied in a serious tone, “You were quite cooperative last time, seeing that you didn’t expose my identity. What do you think? Are you interested in working together?” 

“Nah, I just didn’t want to get in your way, seeing that you’re putting quite a lot of effort into it.” Zhang Jiale answered.

“It’s nothing. I’m enjoying it!” Ye Xiu said. 

“Oh really…... That’s good!” 

“How about you?” 

“Me…. I’m in a bit of a dilemma.” Zhang Jiale replied. 

“Is it really that hard of a choice to make? Join forces with me. We’ll be the champions without a doubt!” Ye Xiu replied. 

“Sorry, that isn’t one of my options.” Zhang Jiale said.

“You don’t have much foresight.” Ye Xiu complained.

“Foresight requires an investment in time. Do I have the time? I’m not like you.” Zhang Jiale said.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 593: Time Decides Aggro
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Chen Guo paid a lot of attention to Zhang Jiale. With the presence of such a great God on their team, their strength would increase exponentially. This was why Chen Guo paid such careful attention to the interactions between Ye Xiu and Zhang Jiale. She felt that something was wrong with their conversation. Zhang Jiale didn’t seem to be interested in Ye Xiu’s proposal. 

Ye Xiu’s “I understand” made Chen Guo even more agitated. The most annoying phrases when eavesdropping on a conversation were “I understand” and “You know it”. 

What do you understand? What did you know?! People who used such words were too irresponsible! They didn’t even care about the feelings of the eavesdroppers! 

“What do you understand? Huh?” Chen Guo was straightforward. She immediately asked Ye Xiu after noticing that Ye Xiu didn’t attempt to persuade Zhang Jiale.

“What he meant was that even if he returns to the pro league, he doesn’t have much time in his career left. Since he wants to be the champion, of course he needs to cherish the time he has left. Joining a new team like us would be wasteful and luxurious.”Ye Xiu said. 

“He said that he’s different from you. What difference is there?” Chen Guo asked. 

“I’ve already won a championship. He has not.” Ye Xiu replied. 

Chen Guo immediately understood. For a new team like Team Happy to become the champion? Even Chen Guo felt that it was absurd despite having a God like Ye Xiu. One didn’t simply get to become the champion with just a God. The God chatting on the other side was the perfect example. 

The poor God was nearing the end of his career. If his goal was to be the champion, he would never join Team Happy. To Zhang Jiale, it was all or nothing, but for Ye Xiu, he didn’t share the same worry to a certain degree. 

“What a shame.” Chen Guo sighed. 

“Yeah, he gave up on the chance to be a champion.” Ye Xiu sighed. 

“Uhh….” Chen Guo responded absentmindedly. Unlike Ye Xiu, her confidence was an illusion. Even though a God was strong, it was the pro leagues they were talking about. Unlike the game, there were a lot of other Gods. When she said “What a shame”, she just felt that it was pity they wouldn’t be able to have another God join them, not what Ye Xiu meant.

“Good luck!” Ye Xiu said to Zhang Jiale. 

“Out of courtesy, I should wish you good luck as well, but your luck will mean my misfortune. I’m in a bit of a dilemma.” Zhang Jiale said. 

“Haha, I won’t be back so soon. Cherish the one year you have left!” Ye Xiu replied. 

“If that’s the case, then good luck to you as well!” 

“Good luck.” 

“Good luck!” 

Ye Xiu close the chat window after the two exchanged blessings with each other and sighed. Even Ye Xiu felt regretful being unable to get the help of another God.

Back in the game, Unrivaled Super Hottie was already being invited by hordes of players. Ye Xiu appeared to be picking random parties, but Chen Guo had been observing him for quite some times and found something peculiar. 

“Hey, you’ve partied with this group before!” Chen Guo said. Ye Xiu had always been with different parties. It was the first time that he had gone dungeon running with the same party twice. Chen Guo thought that Ye Xiu was confused after going into dungeons with so many different parties. 

“Yes, I know.” Ye Xiu unexpectedly answered. 

“Oh? You’re going with them again?” Chen Guo started to study the party slowly. It was a small group from the Tyrannical Ambition’s seventh branch. Chen Guo could not see anything special from their characters. They were just like any other group that Ye Xiu had played with before. They were mediocre at best. 

“Why are you going with them a second time?” Just as Chen Guo was about to throw Ye Xiu her question, Unrivaled Super Hottie received a message. It was from Tyrannical Ambition’s guild leader, Wandering Peak. 

Before sending the message, Jiang You was also in an awkward position! 

They had found a new boss. It was the lvl 70 North Bridge Mage Mordak, which was badly needed by Tyrannical Ambition. However, for the past three weeks the boss had spawned, Tyrannical Ambition was unable to secure the boss. 

The first failure was from a fair and square competition against the other guilds, but for their second and third attempt, it was all because of the newly emerged expert called Dazzling Spring from Blossom Valley. 

Jiang You was highly criticized by the Club’s higher up due to his failures. Even though they knew that there were a lot of uncertainties when it came to competitions for wild bosses, for a team that desperately needed a certain boss, the game department would still be under a lot of pressure. The manager even made it a point that the next boss must be secured at all costs. 

At all costs? Why don’t you guys send a professional player or two to help out? 

Jiang You, of course, kept that complaint to himself. It might not be a good thing if the Club sent a pro to aid Jiang You. His task would become easier, but it also meant that he had neglected his duty. As someone in charge of everything in the game, if he needed the aid of pro players to solve his problems, it meant that his capabilities were limited. 

Jiang You wished to overcome the problem on his own, unless the situation was very dire. With Dazzling Spring, who was suspected to be Zhang Jiale, on the enemy’s side, it was indeed a dire situation. However, Jiang You also had a trump card. After giving it a lot of thought, he finally decided to deploy his trump card.

If he needed pro players to solve his problem, his capabilities would be doubted, but if he could solve problems that would require help from pro players, it meant that he was very good at doing his job. The two factors were closely related to each other. Jiang You was never purely a player. To him, this was his career. 

He was happy to find that Unrivaled Super Hottie was online after receiving news regarding the North Bridge Mage Mordak and immediately contacted him. 

Even though this person’s aim was still unknown, judging from his willingness to act as hard labor in Tyrannical Ambition’s branches, Jiang You knew that his summon would bear fruit. 

As expected, Unrivaled Super Hottie happily accepted and immediately made his way over. Jiang You took this opportunity to review his troops.

The competition for North Bridge Mage Mordak was tight. It was not because of the fact that the mage was tough. It was due to the fact that the area which he spawned in was quite small. 

Upstream of a certain river, there was a bridge known as the “North Bridge”. It was said to be one of the forgotten sites of the great road of Glory. Decaying with time, the North Bridge lost its original purpose. One could no longer cross the bridge without some incredible platforming skills. The bridge was already damaged beyond recognition. The only reason it still stood was because of the system’s logic-defying settings. 

North Bridge Mage Mordak always spawned on the North Bridge. He didn’t belong to any leveling areas. He was just a scenery boss. 

And how big could a bridge be? No matter where the North Bridge Mage Mordak spawned, he’d immediately be spotted by players. 

Competition for this boss was never limited to just three or four guilds. Any ambitious guild would arrive at the scene. 

As Jiang You was reviewing with his men, he believed that the other guilds were doing the same. 

Not long after, players from each guilds had already gathered on both ends of the bridge. After a brief calculation by Jiang You, about ten Club guilds had gathered.

Herb Garden, Blue Brook Guild, Excellent Era, Samsara, Royal Style, Blossom Valley, Misty Castle, Void Walk, Howling Heights, and with the addition of Tyrannical Ambition, 10 guilds were present. 

The players at the bridge weren’t too shocked. They had seen the same scene every week. If a boss was too hard to find, it would be very troublesome for players, but if a boss was spotted easily, the situation would not be any better for them either.

For a rather easy Boss, the high difficulty faced to secure it was because of his small spawn location. 

North Bridge Mage Modak levitated above the North Bridge. He was an old man with a white beard, but his body was still well-built. There was a backstory about the old man that happened on the bridge. It was a sad and touching story, but the players that were at the place for the Boss didn’t care about the backstory. The only thing concerning them was how to get to the boss when surrounded by players from nine other guilds on extremely unfavourable terrain. 

Nobody was willing to make a move. They were already used to the norm of “watching silently”. It was a disgusting practice that occurred once a week. 

A gunshot broke through the silence. Blossom Valley was the first to make their move. Or rather, Dazzling Spring from Blossom Valley. 

It was also a scene that people had become used to in the past two weeks. Dazzling Spring’s unprecedented skill allowed him to approach the Boss directly, unlike the other players. 

Dazzling Spring leapt onto the bridge. Gunshots rang out, accompanied by zipping bullets and flying hand grenades. 

The North Bridge Mage was already on the move. He was another Boss that was very exquisite about the aggro’s direction. 

There was also an extra condition to establishing his aggro: the person standing on the North Bridge. 

As long as somebody stood on the bridge, he would be a target for the North Bridge Mage’s wrath. The longer a player stayed on the bridge, the higher the aggro value would be. It would be impossible to snatch the attention of the boss away from beyond the bridge. The deciding factor of pulling the North Bridge Mage’s aggro was the amount of time one spent on the bridge. 

It was a very important factor, but it was also something that received the least attention of the guilds. To fight for an extended period of time on the North Bridge was not an easy feat. Simply passing the bridge required a very high amount of skill, not to mention fighting on it. With so many contenders, fighting on the North Bridge would only result in countless players falling into the water below. 

The situation completely changed with the presence of Dazzling Spring. Zhang Jiale was a God. He could ensure his own safety on the bridge without plummeting into the water. For the past two weeks, he was the first target of the North Bridge Mage’s aggro. 

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 594: The Lost Initiative
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Dazzling Spring was the first to move. A scene like this was nothing new. This incident wasn’t exclusive to the North Bridge Mage. Blossom Valley had actively competed for bosses for quite some time and Dazzling Spring was the one who had always taken the initiative to start the boss fights. With such an expert in their midst, they were not afraid of anybody going after them. They seized the initiative easily. 

With two weeks of experience, the big guilds were already used to it. The moment they saw Dazzling Spring move, countless players reacted with anger. Their target was not the boss, but rather Dazzling Spring who was the first to jump onto the bridge. 

To be able to secure the boss in the countless boss battles, it was the perfect group aggro attraction. The many large guilds gathered around shared the same hatred towards Dazzling Spring. As long as that person was there, the boss would be secured by Blossom Valley again. 

Tyrannical Ambition was the only guild that held back. Jiang You was actually more agitated than the rest, but without Unrivaled Super Hottie, he didn’t dare to make a move. 

Dazzling Spring stood at the top of North Bridge without worry, dodging attacks from all directions without much effort. 

The river was wide, one could see the former glory of the North Bridge that connected both banks of the river, just by observing its battered frame. Dazzling Spring stood at the highest point of the bridge, avoiding attacks from the melee classes. The remaining mid-ranged classes couldn’t even reach Dazzling Spring once he reached the center of the bridge. 

If they stepped forward further, they would be on the North Bridge. 

Once they were on the North Bridge, they would trigger the aggro of the North Bridge Mage.  

Even though the North Bridge Mage’s aggro was currently focused on Dazzling Spring, a boss with such special aggro mechanics would usually have volatile aggro. Even when his attacks were focused on Dazzling Spring, he would still launch surprise attacks towards other players based on the amount of time they had spent on the North Bridge.

Players were already able to grasp the strategy after a long time of studying the boss’s behavior. Under normal circumstances, the players would usually move in and out of the North Bridge to reset the time aggro, but an expert like Dazzling Spring totally ignored the aggro. He hopped left and right, continuously dealing damage to the North Bridge Mage while taking the time to harass players from the other guilds. With the height that he was at, he had the advantage. The bullets shot by him and the grenades thrown by him would eventually drop to the ground wouldn’t they? 

Before the players could attack Dazzling Spring, they already suffered from his counter attack. With a surge in his APM, various types of grenades showered down like rain. A Spitfire’s grenades would do more than just create explosions. They had a lot more uses. With his Hundred Blossom style, the North Bridge was lit up with explosions that consumed several players at once. 

When the visual effects faded away, there were visibly less players left standing. 

Could he take out so many players with just a single combo? It was obviously impossible. But you had to also take note of the players left standing! They were all from Blossom Valley! They had acted according to Dazzling Spring’s attacks, rampaging within the visual distraction created. They were immune to Dazzling Spring’s attacks anyways. There were no allies among the 10 guilds. The players from Blossom Valley hid in the visual distractions created by Dazzling Spring, while creating the same visual distraction wherever they went. They performed the Hundred Blossoms style as a team. The visual effects expanded non-stop, swallowing everything in its path. 

Within moments, the players from Blossom Valley had taken control of the North Bridge. The North Bridge Mage was busy attacking Dazzling Spring with his spells. 

The boss’s couldn’t be distinguished using conventional means. Despite using the combat style of a Witch, the boss didn’t fly around on a broom like a Witch usually would. He instead flew around with only his magical staff. 

There was, however, still a limit to his flying duration. The North Bridge Mage landed on a vantage point and threw Fireballs at Dazzling Spring. 

Dazzling Spring leapt into the air, dodging each and every one of the boss’s attack. With his superior geographical advantage, he looked down on the battlefield with a bird’s eye view. The players of Blossom Valley had already rushed towards the boss and began to attack. 

The players from the big guilds coughed up blood! Wasn’t this a reenactment of last week’s battle? 

They knew clearly what would happen if they dared to charge onto the scene. Dazzling Spring would immediately shower them with attacks. 

They didn’t doubt Dazzling Spring’s capability in suppressing the area. His Hundred Blossoms style was designed to mess up his opponent’s vision. The ability to see was the most important aspect in a place such as the North Bridge. If one lost one’s vision, combat would be impossible. The person might even fall into the river by mistake. 

The only difference with last week was that the players from the big guilds were actually on the offensive. However, they were cleared away by Dazzling Spring’s counterattacks with the cooperation of Blossom Valley’s players. 

“We shouldn’t have even let him get on the bridge!” A player shouted, tears streaming down his cheeks as he looked 45 degrees upwards at Dazzling Spring. 

“Everyone, be careful, we must get there no matter what!” Another player shouted, but none of them moved. 

The players from the big guilds stood outside the bridge, looking left and right. At this time, they were hoping that somebody else would step forward and act as cannon fodder. Of course, who would be so dumb as to voluntarily serve as cannon fodder?! Obviously no one would. Which was why they could do nothing but stand aside and watch. 

The players from the large guilds were bleeding in their hearts. Jiang You was especially worried, and he immediately sent a message to Unrivaled Super Hottie and urged him to move faster. 

“Aren’t I already here?” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied. 

Jiang You looked around and spotted a group of players walking towards him along the riverbank. When they were close, Jiang You noticed that Unrivaled Super Hottie was really there, but he wasn’t alone. He brought along the team that he was in with him. 

A normal team in one of their branch guilds couldn’t even clear a dungeon properly! Against a wild boss, not to mention competing with players from other guilds, even if there were no other outside factors, they might not even be able to handle the boss! Why did he lead all those people here? 

Jiang You was confused, and he could hear Unrivaled Super Hottie’s voice among the approaching players, “Look, the one throwing Fireballs from the top of the bridge? That’s the boss, North Bridge Mage Morlor.” 

“Ohhhh!!!” The players in his team shouted in amazement. Even though there were not noobs in the Heavenly Domain, wild bosses were something that not everybody had the chance to encounter. It was an entirely new experience for them.

“That person that is dodging the Fireballs nonstop seems to be the boss’ aggro target. Oh, he seems to be a Spitfire. He has a very big advantage in controlling the entire field from that position. He can use the special geographical condition of the bridge to stop hostile players from getting onto the bridge.” Unrivaled Super Hottie continued. 

“But he has to deal with the boss! It must be hard!” A player pointed out.

“Of course, look, there are other players trying to get onto the North Bridge!” Unrivaled Super Hottie pointed out. 

Before they could spot the players, Unrivaled Super Hottie sighed, “Ah, he’s a sly one, jumping to that spot. He’s trying to get rid of them by using the boss!” 

The Fireballs launched by the North Bridge Mage missed Dazzling Spring and dropped onto the players who were attempting to get on the bridge. They were immediately scattered by the boss’ attack. 

The boss’ attacks weren’t like Dazzling Spring’s visual distraction, but the boss’ attacks had high damage, so they had no choice but to dodge. However, they couldn’t dodge the attacks like they usually did on a flat surface, they had to jump. 

In their moment of panic, quite a number of them tumbled into the river below. 

In the gushing stream, the players floated for a few moments and disappeared under the water’s surface. The average players were never good in controlling their characters in the water, falling into such a fast flowing stream added to the difficulty. To make it back to the riverbank alive depended entirely on their luck . 

While some dropped into the water, others were showered by the boss’ attack. Suffering a direct hit would take away a large percentage of a player’s HP, if not instant death. A few grenades from Dazzling Spring cleared away the rest of the players from the bridge. 

“Tsk tsk tsk tsk.” Unrivaled Super Hottie sighed, while Jiang You moved his Wandering Peak closer to him. 

“Is that Dazzling Spring?” Unrivaled Super Hottie asked. 

“Yes.” said Jiang You, “But the boss is called Mordak, not Morlor.” 

“Ohh, it’s been quite awhile, I’ve forgotten the name.” 

“Dazzling Spring has taken the initiative. It’s tough.” Jiang You said. 

“It is, why did you not call me earlier?” Unrivaled Super Hottie said. 

“I notified you as soon as possible.” Jiang You was helpless. Brother, you’re the one who was late…... 

“Since the initiative belongs to him, it’s quite hard to turn the situation around.” Unrivaled Super Hottie said. 

“What now?” 

“I need cover and some support.” 

“It’s all on you!” Jiang You didn’t hesitate. Calling him here was to use his strength to the fullest. There was only one rule: he must never be allowed to be the leader of the team.

Jiang You immediately sent Unrivaled Super Hottie an invite, but the system notified him that he was already in a team.

“Add me.” Jiang You said.

And he immediately received an invite from Unrivaled Super Hottie. Tears streamed down his cheeks. 

“What I meant was to join my team.” Jiang You explained. He must secure the spot of team leader. The fact that Unrivaled Super Hottie could send him an invite meant that he must at least be a sub-leader within the team. Jiang You had a bad feeling about it. 

“Oh okay.” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied. He left his team and requested to join Jiang You’s. 

Jiang You accepted the request. After confirming that Unrivaled Super Hottie was only a normal member of the team, he then added his guild’s elites to the team. 

“What do we do?” Jiang You asked. 

“I’ll take out Dazzling Spring and drag the boss to the edge of the bridge. We’ll take care of him there.” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied. 

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 595: Rush Upwards Just Like This
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Even though Jiang You knew that this person was God Ye Qiu, Zhang Jiale was also a God. He didn’t think that think that Ye Qiu had a 100% chance of winning. In their last confrontation, Unrivaled Super Hottie helped to secure the boss for Tyrannical Ambition, but it wasn’t good to underestimate their opponent. Against an opponent like Zhang Jiale, Jiang You hoped that his trump card would be serious. 

But in the moment it took him to blink, Unrivaled Super Hottie had already led his ragtag bunch towards the North Bridge while saying, “Let’s move over here. We’ll have a better view.” 

The big guilds that were helpless against Dazzling Spring turned to look, and what they saw was a poverty stricken group from Tyrannical Ambition. They all secretly thought they were some sort of secret weapon. Even Tyrannical Ambition’s own players were baffled by this sight.

Jiang You’s patience had almost reached its limit, but he could only walk up to to Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

“How do you plan on taking care of Dazzling Spring?” Jiang You asked. 

“I’ll just rush upwards and take care of him.” Unrivaled Super Hottie replied. 

“How?” Jiang You continued to bear it.

But Unrivaled Super Hottie hesitated, “How do I explain it to you….” 

Jiang You’s patience finally ran out and he asked, “Fine, how do you want us to cover you?” 

“After I rush upwards, all you need to do is to keep the Blossom Valley players in check.” Unrivaled Super Hottie said.

“Fine!” Jiang You was done. What he wanted to know was how Unrivaled Super Hottie would turn the tides for them, but Invincible Super Hottie’s answer was always “just rush upwards.”

Just rush upwards? 

What nonsense! Everybody knew how to rush upwards, but the problem was, they couldn’t. Jiang You wanted to know how, but Unrivaled Super Hottie appeared as if he couldn’t give a proper explanation.

Jiang You anxiously followed Unrivaled Super Hottie to the edge of the bridge. The other players noticed Unrivaled Super Hottie’s presence and the fact that their guild leader created a new party. They rubbed their fists in anticipation of the upcoming action, but Unrivaled Super Hottie sent a “nodding” emoticon and said, “I’m rushing in.” 

And then, he just rushed in. 

Simple, rough, no tricks, no deception, and no numerical superiority. Unrivaled Super Hottie stepped onto the bridge alone. 

Dazzling Spring and the Blossom Valley players had stayed longer than Unrivaled Super Hottie on the bridge. Despite that, the boss threw a glance at him the moment he touched the bridge, though he didn’t launch an attack. 

It was one of the specialties of the BOSS. The old man cared a lot whenever somebody stepped onto the bridge. The poor NPC. He’d never understand that to prevent anybody from ever setting foot on the North Bridge, all he needed to do was leave the North Bridge. Players wouldn’t usually try and cross a broken bridge like this one. It was too risky to cross the river using it. 

The boss didn’t divert his attacks towards Unrivaled Super Hottie, but the Blossom Valley players couldn’t hold themselves back. The moment they saw the Knight “Unrivaled Super Hottie”, the aggro of the Blossom Valley’s elites immediately shifted towards him. 

This is what it meant to “provoke with only one’s looks”. 

“Nobody make a move!” Blossom Valley’s guild leader Blooming Blossom said to stabilize the emotions of his guild members. Blossom Valley’s current combat style was built around Dazzling Spring. The player was actually very quiet even among Blossom Valley’s inner circle. He would, however, agree to participate whenever invited to a competition for a wild BOSS. He didn’t talk much, just like the average party member, and would only speak a sentence or two when needed. 

Everybody could guess the identity of Dazzling Spring. Even when he stayed silent, his position as a core member of the guild was already set. 

Blossom Valley’s attacks were basically adjusted according to Dazzling Spring’s attacks. Seeing that Dazzling Spring didn’t take any immediate action, Blooming Blossom stopped his men from attacking as well. 

In the few seconds of hesitation, Unrivaled Super Hottie had completed three jumps. 

Continuous and quick, Unrivaled Super Hottie began jumping. Although he wasn’t as stylish as Dazzling Spring, it was still a sight to see a heavily armored character moving with such agility. 

There were no intervals between his jumps, as if he could do it even with eyes closed. 

Within moments, Unrivaled Super Hottie was already halfway across . 

Dazzling Spring chose that exact moment to launch a sudden attack. 

Bullets and grenades flew towards Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

The players, who tried to charge onto the North Bridge, were faced with similar attacks. In their own confusion, some fell off the bridge due to their own mistakes, while others were thrown off due to the shockwaves and explosions, while quite a number of them died from just the damage alone. 

Unrivaled Super Hottie was different. He showed no hesitation and carried on jumping upwards, darting between the visual disruptions created by Dazzling Spring.

“He…. really is rushing in?” Jiang You was speechless. 

Unrivaled Super Hottie braved through Dazzling Spring’s attacks and continued his jump upwards.

“Can he make it? Even if he didn’t die, how much health would he have left by the time he reaches the top?” Jiang You was worried. 

“Clerics! Go see if you guys can heal him up!” Jiang You immediately gave the order. 

The clerics from Tyrannical Ambition immediately went into action. They moved forward and healed Unrivaled Super Hottie, but with Dazzling Spring’s continuous attacks, they couldn’t even spot their target and couldn’t land their skills on their target. They tried very hard to grasp any chance they could to locate Unrivaled Super Hottie. After all, Dazzling Spring needed to handle the boss as well, so he couldn’t pay full attention to Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

The advantage in numbers had finally been made obvious at that moment. 

Even though most Clerics failed to grasp an opportunity to heal him, but with their sheer numbers, some of them eventually got lucky. Unrivaled Super Hottie’s health was maintained just like that. 

But as Unrivaled Super Hottie reached a new height, he had moved out of range of the Cleric’s healing skills. 

Some of the Clerics moved forward in a desperate attempt to catch up with Unrivaled Super Hottie and set foot on the North Bridge. 

The boss viewed every living soul who dared to set foot on the North Bridge as the same. He glared coldly at them one by one. Dazzling Spring, on the other hand, didn’t share the BOSS’s sentiment. When Unrivaled Super Hottie set foot on the bridge, he ignored him, but the moment the other players were on the bridge, Dazzling Spring stopped his harassment towards Unrivaled Super Hottie and began bombarding the players with his attacks. 

Two clerics fell into the river instantly. Their fates unknown. 

Dazzling Spring didn’t hold back against other players. 

But did he hold back against Unrivaled Super Hottie? The crowd soon realised that he did not. They realised that it was a trap. 

If getting closer to Dazzling Spring was Unrivaled Super Hottie’s objective, he had already closed two thirds of the distance, but right after he hit the two thirds mark, he lost his support from the Clerics. The remaining one third of the journey would be one where Dazzling Spring could take care of Unrivaled Super Hottie with his advantage in range. He could even cooperate with the Blossom Valley players to deal with Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

He didn’t attack Unrivaled Super Hottie because he knew that the guy was good, hence he set up a trap for him. With Unrivaled Super Hottie’s current awkward position, maybe Dazzling Spring would make a move? 

The problem was that Dazzling Spring didn’t allow Unrivaled Super Hottie to freely move around. He kept on harassing him! 

But Dazzling Spring’s next wave of attack showed the players that they were wrong. 

To deal with an opponent who was on an entirely different level, one must also use some unconventional methods. 

The Hundred Blossoms style, that was enough to suppress the average player, was just showing an opening when used on Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

Totally ignoring him would be too obvious. His intention of seemingly eliminating Unrivaled Super Hottie earlier on was the real trap. The moment Unrivaled Super Hottie placed himself in this awkward position where he couldn’t move forward and could no longer retreat, that was exactly the best time to go all out. 

Dazzling Spring had been waiting for that exact moment for a long time. He had even secretly made preparations. Unrivaled Super Hottie’s position was exposed to him that was at the top of the bridge and the Blossom Valley players below. Those who could hit Unrivaled Super Hottie had already launched their attacks. 

Unrivaled Super Hottie immediately began to show caution. 

The landing spots around him were all covered by Blossom Valley players. Even the bystanders were beginning to feel despair for Unrivaled Super Hottie, but he was still jumping. Jumping forward and upwards. 

He was still “rushing upwards”. 

Jiang You had a strange feeling in his heart after observing the scene. 

The pro God, who he supposedly hated the most, was currently the one who he respected the most. 

Always moving forward, never giving up.

Jiang You believed that the captain of Tyrannical Ambition, Han Wenqing, would have done the same. 

But such a method would bring more harm than good in certain times. This was exactly what was happening to Unrivaled Super Hottie. If he wanted to move forward, he would need to bear the brunt of the attack. 

Firm Defence. 

Spell Reflection. 

Shield Wall. 

……

Knight defensive skills were used one after the other in perfect rhythm as Unrivaled Super Hottie continued his rush upwards. The Knight players on scene were already worshipping him. It still wasn’t enough though. The opponent’s attacks weren’t that easy to deal with. Even though Unrivaled Super Hottie was persistent, if he couldn’t escape his opponent’s attacks, his health would eventually hit zero.

“Who asked you to show off!!” Jiang You was depressed. He classified Unrivaled Super Hottie’s actions as “showing off”. He couldn’t accept the fact that the person he hated the most was so similar to their captain Han Wenqing. 

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 596: The Sneaky Cleric
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Heals were instant cast, and the more it healed, the longer the cooldown and the higher the aggro gained. 

Even in PvP, high aggro generation couldn’t be overlooked. Even though players weren’t bound to aggro like NPCs were, this type of aggro generating skills were still hated by players.

The skill that had been cast on Unrivaled Super Hottie was an ultimate heal, “Holy Heal”. The amount of HP healed was enormous. The timing of the skill could be known by the Tyrannical Ambition elites that were in the same party as Unrivaled Super Hottie. They clearly saw that Unrivaled Super Hottie’s HP had just been about to reach zero, but then Holy Heal was cast. 

One could only imagine the amount of aggro generated by the skill. The Blossom Valley players had given it their all to attack Unrivaled Super Hottie. At that point, they were just counting down until Unrivaled Super Hottie would die, but suddenly a Holy Heal came out! 

Clerics didn’t have to be ferocious, nor did they have many ways to deal damage, but performing well at these crucial moments could cause their opponents to cough blood. The psychological damage was immeasurable.

Who was it? 

It was the question in everybody’s head. They began looking around, trying to find the caster of the heal. 

They found out very soon. 

On the North Bridge, a Cleric was standing on top of a broken railing a few units above the ground. He had his arms extended with a cross in his hands, as if waiting for the cooldown to be over so that he could cast another spell. He appeared to be paying attention to where his feet were as if afraid to fall down. This wiped out any semblance of style and made him look dirty.  

And then everybody could see the two rows of words above his head. 

Tyrannical Ambition Seventh Branch Guild.

Little Cold Hands. 

Who’s that? 

Even players from Tyrannical Ambition had this question on their minds. They had never heard of this name before. And watching the guy standing at that spot carefully, everybody present could already picture it in their minds: A Cleric called Little Cold Hands snuck up to that spot when nobody was paying attention and had cast a heal. 

Was it only a coincidence? 

That was the conclusion reached by most of the players as Little Cold Hand’s movements didn’t seem like that of an expert.

Some people were still doubtful about the situation. What happened next left them speechless. 

The Blossom Valley players attacking Unrivaled Super Hottie discovered Little Cold Hands at the same time. They hated the Holy Heal very much. They weren’t even in the mood to analyze Little Cold Hand’s actions. They were mad that somebody had snuck behind them and used a Holy Heal when they weren’t paying attention. 

It would never have happened under normal circumstances. Unrivaled Super Hottie was just too good. Everybody’s attention was focus on knocking him off the bridge and ignored everything else.

They were lucky that it was only one player. What would have happened if all of these guilds had seized the opportunity to rush onto the bridge?

The Blossom Valley players couldn’t help but feel afraid after considering the scenario. 

The players from the other guilds also noticed the lost opportunity and were filled with regret. 

“That was a chance that Unrivaled Super Hottie fought so hard for, and we’re just standing around watching?” There was even a Tyrannical Ambition player who said it out loud. 

“He should have given us a signal!” Someone said. 

“Do you think he had time to do that in that situation?” Somebody replied. 

While they still basking in regret, the Blossom Valley players had already taken action. Attack after attack was launched towards Little Cold Hands. 

Facing all of these attacks, Little Cold Hand’s only reaction was a loud “Oh no!” and he fell into the water. 

He was not an expert. 

It had just been a coincidence.

Everybody, that had their hopes up for Little Cold Hands, became speechless. Any one of them could’ve lasted longer even if they weren’t as good as Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

While everybody else was shaking their heads and sighing, their attention shifted once again to Little Cold Hands. They had unexpectedly forgotten about the impact of the “Holy Heal’ on the outcome of the battle.

“Great job!!” 

It was a praise from Unrivaled Super Hottie himself. 

But he could not be heard by the ones below because of the sound effects of all the attacks being thrown at him. 

The only person who realized the value of that Holy Heal other than Ye Xiu would be Zhang Jiale. 

Their judgement and game sense were obviously way higher than normal players.

“Not good!” 

Zhang Jiale thought the moment the Holy Heal landed on Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

If he had seen the Cleric sneaking up, he would have prevented it. The problem was that he hadn’t.

He was at the highest point of the bridge unlike the other Blossom Valley players and the players from the other guilds. They were looking upwards, so it was natural for them to have missed Little Cold Hands, but for Zhang Jiale, he had a bird’s eye view, so he should have spotted the person. 

But he hadn’t. 

It was all due to the large amount of AoE attacks he and the Blossom Valley players had dished out against Unrivaled Super Hottie. These attacks were mainly long-ranged with bright visual effects like cannon fire or spells. This was the Hundred Blossoms style. However, it didn’t mean Zhang Jiale could see through the visual distractions either. In that instant, he realised the root of the problem. 

This Cleric had used the visual effects of their attacks to hide himself from their view. 

The Holy Heal that he had cast had been on point. 

Blossom Valley’s attacks were more for support rather than damage. That was the reason why Unrivaled Super Hottie was able to survive all those attacks for so long. Zhang Jiale made such an arrangement because he knew the real identity of his opponent. He believed that his opponent would seize any opportunity given to him. 

It would not be wise to challenge the judgement of an experienced opponent. Zhang Jiale understood the philosophy deeply as one of the experienced Gods. 

That was why his attacks against Unrivaled Super Hottie had been weak but unavoidable attacks. This was also why Zhang Jiale had baited Unrivaled Super Hottie to such a height. If Unrivaled Super Hottie wanted to escape, he would only have one choice: jump into the river. 

But suddenly a Cleric and a Holy Heal turned the tides. 

Unrivaled Super Hottie’s health was higher than Zhang Jiale had expected, and with his persistence in rushing towards him, which was originally meaningless to Zhang Jiale, was now a huge threat. 

White light glowed around Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

Knight’s Spirit!

Unrivaled Super Hottie activated Knight’s Spirit. Zhang Jiale knew that this was a very crucial moment. 

The pressure was huge.

To suffer an attack from a God like Ye Qiu while under attack from the North Bridge Mage as well wouldn’t be easy for anyone to deal with.

Charge!

Unrivaled Super Hottie activated the skill, rushing upwards. Zhang Jiale knew that with the Holy Heal, Unrivaled Super Hottie would close in on him unless he managed to widen the distance.

Zhang Jiale chose to evade. Dazzling Spring prepared to escape, attempting to kite Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

At that moment, Unrivaled Super Hottie waved at him. 

“F*ck!!!” 

He was killed because of this very skill in their previous confrontation. 

Provoke! Unrivaled Super Hottie had cast Provoke on him. 

His character moved towards Unrivaled Super Hottie. 

Under the influence of Provoke, the character still retained intelligence. The character would still retain its autopathing instead of falling right down below. 

But this alone was lethal. Zhang Jiale’s aim was for Dazzling Spring to stay as far away as possible from Unrivaled Super Hottie, not get closer.

It was too late. 

He only had Blossom Valley players around him. Although they were experts in the game, they would never compare to pro players. Nobody could help him in time. 

Dazzling Spring leapt high into the air. A light lit up Dazzling Spring in midair, it was a Focus from a Cleric, removing the Provoke effect. 

The Cleric might have thought that the skill was timely and stylish, but Zhang Jiale wanted to cry.

Because of the North Bridge’s terrain, his movements toward Unrivaled Super Hottie weren’t just simple sprinting. He needed to jump. His Dazzling Spring had a very high jump capability. That particular jump was high and far, and with the system’s auto pathing, he landed in a very safe spot. 

But this was not what Zhang Jiale wanted!

You couldn’t just turn in midair like you could on the ground.

But Zhang Jiale was a God and Dazzling Spring was a Gunner.

Zhang Jiale immediately surveyed the terrain and immediately fired out several shots. 

With his gun’s recoil, he managed to stop his character’s forward movement. 

Dazzling Spring stopped in mid air, but there was no landing spot.

When Dazzling Spring dropped down, there would be a low landing spot. Zhang Jiale had shot his bullets perfectly.

But at that moment, Unrivaled Super Hottie leapt into the air, and his sword slashed down at Dazzling Spring. 

Heroic Leap. 

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 597: I’ll Be Leaving First Because I’ve Got Stuff to Do 
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Unrivaled Super Hottie crashed down with Heroic Leap. Compared to the free falling Dazzling Spring, who knew how much faster he dropped, it would be too late even if Zhang Jiale wanted to dodge. He could only curse a few times. Truthfully, he might have anticipated that this would happen, but the instant he jumped after being Provoked, he already knew that the situation was very bad.

It was true that as as God, he had the capability to dispel the taunt and switch directions in midair, but unfortunately, his opponent was also a God. His opponent wouldn’t be surprised that he could do it. In other words, when his opponent used Provoke, his opponent had already prepared to counter his next actions.

The Knight’s sword smashed into Dazzling Spring’s body. The displacement induced by the attack made it so that he missed his original landing spot, causing Dazzling Spring to continue to fall.

Zhang Jiale hastily looked for a possible landing spot, but Unrivaled Super Hottie unexpectedly continued to pressure him, following him downwards.

This guy!

Zhang Jiale was already aware that Ye Qiu wasn’t thinking about landing anywhere after hitting him down from his high point. Right now, Ye Qiu was planning on dragging him into the water.

As a result, everyone just watched as Unrivaled Super Hottie struck Dazzling Spring with a Heroic Leap and then dropped rapidly.

Unrivaled Super Hottie still had Knight’s Spirit activated. A streak of white light followed behind him like a shooting star. Dazzling Spring tried to escape from his predicament by attacking a few times, which just added to the splendor of the shooting star. However, his efforts were in vain. The two fell straight into the water, leaving behind a trace of their trajectory as well as a splash that hit the Blossom Valley players on the bridge.

Everyone was dumbfounded.

Most of the players were still thinking about the stealthy heal by Little Cold Hands, who had quickly been hit into the water by the enemy. Who would have thought that those two experts would suddenly fall into the water together?

The river was vast and extremely deep at the center. When the two experts hit the water, they were immediately swept away by the current like all the other players. The players still hadn’t registered what had just happened and stared dumbly at the fast flowing currents beneath the bridge until a huge fireball suddenly exploded on the bridge. Several Blossom valley players cried out as they tumbled into the water below. Only then did everyone wake up.

Even though the two experts had left, the North Bridge Mage was still there! Their true purpose was to fight for the boss, not watch two experts have a go at it.

But without Dazzling Spring, Blossom Valley had lost their foothold. Even though a portion of their players had grasped the high ground, how could they have the same level of control over the situation as Zhang Jiale? Let alone suppressing the onslaught of enemy players rushing onto the North Bridge, with Dazzling Spring gone, the North Bridge Mage’s was completely focused on them.

 

Because they had stayed on the bridge longer, the North Bridge Mage placed priority on them over the players who had just stepped onto the bridge. All sorts of spells flew towards the players from Blossom Valley. With their skill level, one mistake meant falling into the water. The terrain and the boss made it too difficult for them to save the situation. What’s more, the enemy guilds had suffered under Blossom Valley’s hands for the past two weeks. They had a tacit agreement to not fight against each other and first allied together to vent the frustration built up over the last two weeks on Blossom Valley’s players.

In an instant, the players from Blossom Valley turned into dumplings and were struck into the water. If a player was thrown into the water, it didn’t matter if the player died or not. The players from Blossom Valley were wiped clean. The North Bridge Mage no longer had too many targets left and fired spells randomly.

Everyone was feeling very excited.

What a familiar scene! This was what the fight for the North Bridge Mage should look like! The boss’ battle power wasn’t actually too frightening, but the hard part was the location.

One, it was too easy to find him. Two, the terrain was difficult, so the battle always turned into a huge mess.

Once the North Bridge Mage started casting spells randomly, players constantly fell into the water. No one was a stranger to this scene though. Everyone calmly faced the boss. Without the expert from Blossom Valley, everyone felt a hundred times more confident.

Only Jiang You was uneasy.

The North Bridge Mage was something Tyrannical Ambition needed. The formidable Dazzling Spring had been taken care of by Ye Qiu, but in this type of chaotic battle, no guild had an absolute grasp on victory. Tyrannical Ambition was no exception. At this moment, they needed a peak expert watching over in order to have a better chance.

Jiang You cautiously commanded his troops, while hastily asking Unrivaled Super Hottie for his situation. He hoped that Unrivaled Super Hottie hadn’t died and hopefully landed nearby, so that he could hurry up and return. This wasn’t impossible. In Glory, every character automatically knew how to swim, so they usually wouldn’t drown. However, once a player fell into the water, the current was too rapid, making it difficult for them to figure out their position in the water. If they couldn’t find the surface to replenish their air supply, wouldn’t they suffocate? In addition, there were all sorts of rocks in the water, which would deal damage if collided into. The faster the current the more damage the rocks dealt. Characters who fell into the water didn’t have much health to begin with. Before they could drink any potions, the rocks would kill them.

Ye Qiu was a God though, so Jiang You felt like he wouldn’t die because of these reasons. Normal players would panic and be unable to figure out their position, but a God shouldn’t have that problem, right? 

As a result, Jiang You expected Unrivaled Super Hottie to have reached shore already. But then again, Dazzling Spring wasn’t a simple character either. He probably wouldn’t die in the river so easily either. If he came back to the battle, that would be troublesome too! Perhaps the two got out of the water at the same time and were fighting right now?

Who knew how many situations Jiang You had thought of already. Unrivaled Super Hottie soon returned a message. Jiang You hastily looked at it and coughed a mouthful of blood.

“I have stuff to do, so I’ll be leaving first. Good luck.”

What was this! What the f*ck was this? What do you mean you have stuff to do, so you’ll be leaving first? What’s more important than this wild boss? Jiang You was so angry, his hands were shaking. He replied: “The boss is such an important matter. You can’t just leave like that!”

“Brother, I’m still busy forming a new team. I don’t have the time to keep playing with you.” Unrivaled Super Hottie answered back, making Jiang You feel like his soul had parted with his body.

This guy wasn’t even trying to hide his identity anymore. If a spy revealed himself, it meant he had already completed his mission, so he didn’t care anymore, but the problem was that they knew his identity as a spy before, so why did he feel hurt after seeing his “I’m actually a spy” personality? In this type of situation, he should be saying “I already knew you were a spy.” It should have been a beautiful moment, so even though he knew, why couldn’t he say it?

“If I return, I won’t be there to help you fight for the boss, but rather to take the boss for myself. Are you sure you want me to come back?” Unrivaled Super Hottie followed up.

“See you later!” Jiang You decided.

“See you later?”

“I don’t want to see you ever again!” Jiang You changed his words.

“Ha ha ha :D” Unrivaled Super Hottie laughed and added a laughing emoji. Tears streaked down Jiang You’s face. Okay, there’s no point in placing any hope on him any longer. I should hurry up and lead my troops seriously. I have to win this boss with my own effort. Now that there were extraordinary experts causing chaos, it was up to each guild’s strength. They still had a chance.   

So at this moment, Jiang You heard a firm voice coming from the other end of the North Bridge.

“Hold your positions! You have to hold your position! Protect the Cleric and send the Cleric forward!

“A Gunner go up with an Aerial Fire! You’re still not going up and you dare call yourself an expert??”

“There doesn’t need to be anyone over there! Thieves, just place a few traps!”

“Don’t just rush in there! Go around! Be a bit more dirtier and despicable, okay? Dude, you’re an Assassin. Why are you charging forward like you’re a Knight!!”

“Over there! Over there is over there! The f*cking enemies understand, but you don’t understand? Give coordinates? If I give coordinates, the enemies will also hear and it looks to me like the enemies respond faster than you dimwitted fools. You idiot. If you fall into the water, you’re dead. Tsk tsk tsk!”

Who was this guy!

His firm voice carried an unbelievable amount of confidence. All of the players gathered here were the elite experts of each guild and the top players of the Heavenly Domain. Even Jiang You wouldn’t have such confidence when talking to his troops. Just who was this guy?

Jiang You looked towards that direction, but he couldn’t identify the speaker. However, the other end of the North Bridge was gradually became more and more stable. The guild that had grasped the upper hand was Samsara.

Was it because of that person’s leading? Another unknown expert? Jiang You’s heart palpitated. He had a bad premonition. It felt like this fight for the boss would be another wasted effort…...

Not far from the North Bridge, on the surface of the river, a huge tree trunk was floating on top.

A wave rose up. There seemed to be someone inside. The instant the wave rose, a character suddenly jumped out and turned 180 degrees, landing on the tree trunk. When he landed, he held a gun in one hand and a grenade in the other hand. His gaze stared at the incoming wave. It was Dazzling Spring.

One second, two seconds, three seconds…….

Zhang Jiale didn’t loosen his guard. He knew that a certain someone wouldn’t die in the water like that. As he was swept along with the current, he hadn’t been able to find a suitable place to stand until now. There was no way that guy would be unable to get out of the current.

Right when he was thinking this, an abnormal movement came from the wave. Zhang Jiale immediately noticed it. He focused and a Knight burst out of the water. He held a sword in his hand and landed majestically on the tree trunk.

“The same thing again!!” Zhang Jiale saw Heroic Leap and shouted angrily. He fired his gun and threw his grenade at him.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 598: The Heart of a Champion
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Zhang Jiale was slightly startled, but he quickly understood what had happened.

Knights were a heavy armor class, so they were affected by weight, which meant that their ability to jump couldn’t compare with leather armor classes like Spitfires. Moreover, Zhang Jiale intentionally picked equipment that would increase Dazzling Spring’s jump ability. It was easy for Dazzling Spring to jump from the water current onto the tree trunk. However, if one were a Knight, like Unrivalled Super Hottie, it would have been impossible to achieve this act with a simple jump. As a result, a Heroic Leap had to be used in order to jump out of the water and land on the tree trunk.

Even though Zhang Jiale already understood all of this, the attack had still come out. However, it was impossible for the knockback from a Spitfire’s attack to knock back a Knight, who was descending from a Heroic Leap. Unrivalled Super Hottie used his shield to defend himself when the attack hit, guaranteeing his position on the tree trunk.  Zhang Jiale didn’t want Dazzling Spring to be shaken into the water, so he jumped away the moment the Heroic Leap descended. He pulled his gun out and fired another bullet, using Aerial Fire to cross the river and back onto land.

“Not bad, not bad.” Ye Xiu praised him as if he were a rookie. At the same time, Unrivalled Super Hottie walked along the tree trunk and back onto the river bank. 

Zhang Jiale was still taking precautions. The muzzle of Dazzling Spring’s gun never left Unrivalled Super Hottie’s body from beginning to end. 

“Enough, enough. Put the gun away. We’re done.” Ye Xiu spoke.

“What are you trying to do?!” Zhang Jiale was a little melancholy.

“Testing your skill.” Ye Xiu said. 

“......”

“You would have died,” Zhang Jiale was speechless for a while before continuing. “If not for that cleric.”

“Hehe, that Holy Heal was quite brilliant, wasn’t it?” Ye Xiu spoke.

“If it was just a coincidence, then let it be; but if that was intentional, then it was indeed very brilliant. Who is that person?” Zhang Jiale asked.

“A player from Tyrannical Ambition.” Ye Xiu said.

“Player? Only a player? Just a normal player?” Zhang Jiale didn’t really believe it. To take advantage of the visual effect’s distraction to conceal his movements and to use Holy Heal at the pivotal moment, all of the observational skills and judgement required was reflected in those series of actions were practically at a pro player’s level. This person turned out to actually be a normal player.

“Exactly!” Ye Xiu said.

“What a talent!” Zhang Jiale spoke. 

“Agreed.” Ye Xiu said. 

“Wait……” All at once, Zhang Jiale suddenly thought of something. “You got this crappy Knight account and infiltrated Tyrannical Ambition just to find such a Cleric?”

“I don’t have any other choice left. The standards for you Gods are too high. Plus, you all lack foresight. I was left with no option but to unearth talented people from among the crowd. If I wanted to look for Clerics, wouldn’t it be best to start looking from Tyrannical Ambition?” Ye Xiu spoke. 

Zhang Jiale expressed his agreement. This was like how there were more Battle Mages in Excellent Dynasty and more Spitfires in Blossom Valley. This effect was entirely because of the Gods. Fans worshipped a God because of that God’s class. Fans supported teams because they worshipped these Gods. Then in the game, they would strive to join their favorite team’s guild.

As for Tyrannical Ambition, their team Tyranny possessed two Gods, Han Wenqing and Zhang Xinjie, so among their guild members, the ratio for the classes of Striker and Cleric were relatively high, so their Strikers and Clerics were generally better than those of other guilds. To find a skilled Cleric, it would be quite logical to start from Tyrannical Ambition. 

“So you got this Knight because the Knight is a tank class and, in a dungeon group, there’s no other class that knows a Cleric better than a tank. And you finally found a Cleric using this method?” Zhang Jiale said. 

“Mhmm, that’s right.” Ye Xiu said. 

“How long did you spend?” Zhang Jiale asked.

“A little over two weeks!” Ye Xiu spoke. 

“Not bad. Your luck is quite good.” Zhang Jiale said.

“Hahaha, you want to talk with me about luck?” Ye Xiu spoke.

Zhang Jiale turned gloomy. With the nickname of “unluckiest God in the league”, luck was indeed his ultimate weakness.

“Where is that guy?” Zhang Jiale changed topics. He was quite curious as to the whereabouts of the expert Cleric.

Unrivalled Super Hottie’s view switched towards the rapid river. After a long while, Ye Xiu said. “He probably drowned.”

“Cough, what?” Zhang Jiale didn’t fall into the river, but he still choked. “Drowned?” He didn’t dare to believe that the Cleric, with such exceptional judgement and observation, would drown. Zhang Jiale felt that it was more likely for Ye Xiu and him to drown on this tree trunk.

“Hey, if he really was exceptional in every aspect with absolutely no weaknesses, then how would I be able to uncover him? He would have been discovered long ago and taken to who knows where by someone else much earlier on.” Ye Xiu said. 

“Then what exactly is the weakness of this expert that covered up his excellent talent?” Zhang Jiale said. 

“According to my initial observations, he has good judgement and a good grasp of time. However, his mechanics are fairly ordinary. He also reacts slowly in complicated situations.” Ye Xiu spoke.

Zhang Jiale thought for a while before he expressed his agreement towards the circumstances that he understood so far: “Such a weakness wouldn’t have affected his earlier play. However, if he’s in a dungeon team, it really does cover up his strengths, but are you really sure that his performance wasn’t just a coincidence?”

“I’m sure, especially after that last performance.” Ye Xiu said.

“Did you just use me as your lab rat?” Zhang Jiale said. 

“Look at how you’re phrasing it.” Ye Xiu said. “I was just using you to test how qualified he was.”

“......”

“As for you, why are you helping Blossom Valley so much with these bosses? What are you doing? Are you repenting?” Ye Xiu joked.

“Yup.” Zhang Jiale unexpectedly expressed his agreement.

“You……”

“I owe them.” Zhang Jiale sounded a bit pitiful.

When Ye Xiu heard him speak in such way, he was startled: “You’re not planning on returning to Team Hundred Blossoms?”

Zhang Jiale didn’t reply, but had basically answered without replying. If he planned on returning, then there was nothing to be embarrassed about by answering. It was precisely because he wasn’t planning on returning that he couldn’t say the answer aloud. 

He used to be Team Hundred Blossom’s captain and ace player. His lack of responsibility in his retirement process already drew a lot of criticism. If he returned and didn’t choose his previous team under the hopeful eyes of Team Hundred Blossom’s fans, Ye Xiu could easily imagine what sort of condemnation Zhang Jiale would have to face from the public.

But if he would rather bear such pressure, which team would he end up choosing?

Ye Xiu predicted that the answer wasn’t so simple. From the current look of Zhang Jiale’s expression of regret, he wouldn’t return to Team Hundred Blossoms, not because he was feeling embarrassed from his sudden retirement, but because after already letting down Team Hundred Blossoms once, he was going to abandon the team again. 

What was it for?

Of course it was the championship victory that he had seeked but failed to get for all these years. This time, for the sake of the championship, Zhang Jiale would spare no expense and would gamble everything he had. One could imagine how much hope and expectation he was filled with this time. For that championship victory, even if he received it, it would be filled with controversy. Perhaps even the radiance of winning the championship wouldn’t cover his actions of abandoning Team Hundred Blossoms twice.

Did his recent interaction with Zhang Jiale make the decision even more painful?

Ye Xiu didn’t think so. This was because in Ye Xiu’s eyes, the emotions that he had triggered were mostly memories of the past, which would make him feel unsubmissive and unwilling to leave. As someone who needed to start over again, Ye Xiu couldn’t give Zhang Jiale much hope. He didn’t have anything that would make him gamble everything. When he asked Zhang Jiale to join him, Ye Xiu could only say it in a half-joking manner. After all, Zhang Jiale was different from Wei Chen. If he wanted to come back from retirement, even Ye Xiu felt that he wouldn’t need to explain anything if he wanted to return to Team Hundred Blossoms.

But now, Zhang Jiale was obviously making a bold decision. Ye Xiu couldn’t imagine Zhang Jiale cooperating with him. His reason was explained above. His team didn’t have the weight to give Zhang Jiale a reason to make such a sacrifice. Ye Xiu believed that there would only be one thing that could make Zhang Jiale make such a vital decision and that would be the championships.

Of course, there was no such team that would win the championships immediately after he joined, but the team would have to be one where Zhang Jiale could see boundless potential. This team would definitely not be like Ye Xiu’s where he had to run around in the guilds of the online game to choose if there were any people with talents left unnoticed. This team would definitely let a person see the cover and immediately think: the championship was theirs.

Which one would it be?

Tiny Herb? Blue Rain? Tyranny?

Or would it be Samsara? Misty Rain? Void?

Or even the current Excellent Era?

With a God like Zhang Jiale suddenly joining any of these teams would make anyone feel that the team was abnormally strong, so Ye Xiu, at this time, really couldn’t guess which team it would be. Zhang Jiale obviously wouldn’t tell him either. A figure like him joining would normally involve a team-swapping storm. To even allow Ye Xiu to know that he would come out of retirement but wouldn’t return to Hundred Blossoms was already a very hot piece of gossip for the news. Just by leaking this piece of news would be enough to have the media pursue and argue until the competition season ended.

“Good luck……” Ye Xiu wholeheartedly blessed him. For the sake of the championships, Zhang Jiale could even make such a decision. Although he was currently a little ashamed to face it, Ye Xiu believed that he would overcome this mentality. This was because the heart of a champion should never be viewed lightly. This wasn’t to show-off, but for glory. The glory that hung high in every pro gamer’s hearts and eyes. The glory that had been commented as addictive by Ye Xiu.

“I must have good luck!” Zhang Jiale didn’t return the blessing to Ye Xiu, but instead carried on Ye Xiu’s words and gave himself an additional blessing halo again. 

“Okay, I will continue fighting for the boss!” Zhang Jiale’s spirit was raised.

“The people from Blossom Valley have probably been wiped out.” Ye Xiu spoke. He now understood why Zhang Jiale was currently madly helping Blossom Valley to fight. Perhaps it was to take away some of the guilt left in his heart, or maybe because it was to use whatever method he had left to do something for Hundred Blossoms. Ye Xiu didn’t need to ask which the actual reason was. 

“It doesn’t matter. After a player dies, they can immediately return. This is one part of the game that I like over the competitive scene.” Zhang Jiale said. 

“Then I hope you succeed!” Ye Xiu said. 

“How about you? You won’t come back?”

“Me? I’ve already reached my goal. I will let the boss be for now!” Ye Xiu said. 

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 599: Proceed With Care
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

He did all this just to find a Cleric!

Chen Guo had only just learned Ye Xiu’s goal in infiltrating Tyrannical Ambition. After she moved over to hear the conversation between the two Gods, she realized how everything came together.

However, the issue Zhang Jiale brought up before he left was indeed a problem. How could they get a person they had just met to enter their own team?

While Chen Guo was still thinking about this issue, she suddenly found Ye Xiu looking at her.

“What are you looking at?” Chen Guo asked.

“You should deal with this matter.” Ye Xiu said. 

“What matter?” Chen Guo asked.

“The matter of getting that Cleric to join our guild.” Ye Xiu said.

“What?! Why me?! I don’t even know that person!” Chen Guo said.

“Does it matter whether you know that person or not? Just say that you admire his abilities and you just so happen to be recruiting for a team, so you would like to ask if he’s interested.” Ye Xiu said.

“Is it that simple?” Chen Guo was uncertain.

“Otherwise?” Ye Xiu asked in reply.

Chen Guo thought about it: true, if anyone wanted to invite a person to join them, wouldn’t they just directly ask them? Chen Guo gave a guess and felt like the possibility of success was quite high. This was because a normal player yearned to be a pro. As long as you didn’t pop out and say something weird like: “Hey bro, your bones are marvellous. Did you know that there’s some sort of spiritual aura spurting out from your ID?” Otherwise, most players would be interested in something like joining a team.

“Okay then. I’ll try to get in touch with him.” Chen Guo agreed. She was always active in helping with things that were related to the formation of the team. There was no reason for her to be making excuses when there was something for her to do. Boss Chen wasn’t that reserved.

“What’s that person’s ID?” Chen Guo asked, as she logged onto her Heavenly Domain account.

“Little Cold Hands?” Ye Xiu spoke. 

Chen Guo had been watching from the side, so didn’t actually notice Little Cold Hands. She only knew that he was able to use Holy Heal at such a crucial time to turn the tables. Then after that, Ye Xiu followed up by controlling Unrivaled Super Hottie to knock Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Spring into the water. In fact, it wasn’t just Chen Guo, even Zhang Jiale didn’t know this Cleric’s name.

After logging onto Chasing Haze, Chen Guo searched for the character’s name. The information came out very quickly and she was immediately surprised: “Wait, she’s a girl?” When Chen Guo first heard the ID, she thought the name Little Cold Hands was pretty feminine. Now that the character appeared, it was actually a female avatar. 

“Ahem……” Ye Xiu coughed with a strange expression.

“This Cleric doesn’t happen to be a male playing as a female, right?” Chen Guo noticed the oddity. 

“You’ve got incredible foresight.” Ye Xiu said.

“What sort of person is he?” Chen Guo was astonished. This was because there were seldom players in Glory who played with avatars of the opposite gender for their character. After all, Glory’s voice communication was a part of the game, so it was the universal method of communication. It wouldn’t be pleasing to one’s eyes nor ears when a character had a beautiful and charming name, while they constantly spoke out in a rugged, masculine voice. 

“Nothing really. Apparently, the account was given to him and he was just too lazy to care about the gender, so he just played with it.” Ye Xiu said. 

“Oh.” Chen Guo replied.

Seldom does not represent none at all. In the end, there were many male players who played female characters and the same went for Glory. The reasons were strange and unimaginable, but a reason like playing on a given account was pretty rational and reasonable.  

“Never mind, I don’t discriminate against those types of players.” Chen Guo said while she was already preparing to add him as a friend. 

“Hang on, hang on. What are you planning on doing?” Ye Xiu asked. 

“Add him as a friend and invite him join our group!” Chen Guo said. 

“Add him as a friend and just say: “Yo bro, I’ve been admiring your strength for a long time, would you like to form a team with me?” Ye Xiu asked. 

Chen Guo stared blankly. True, if she added him as a friend, how would she start the conversation? Little Cold Hands wasn’t a pro player. If she just added him as a friend from out of the blue and directly asked him to join, it would feel like stopping someone on the street and say: “Hey bro, your bones are marvellous” or whatever; She would most likely be treated as a scammer.

“For now, you need to actually get in touch with him and show that you’ve seen his talents. Then, you can naturally recruit him, right?” Ye Xiu said on the side. 

Chen Guo looked at Ye Xiu. She suddenly felt that, if she directly added that person as a friend and tried to recruit him immediately, he probably wouldn’t buy into their trickery. Only if she did what Ye Xiu told her could that person be convinced.

True, for no particular reason at all, Chen Guo suddenly had a feeling of “tricking”.

“Say, why don’t you do it?” Chen Guo felt that Ye Xiu had other reasons for making her go alone. 

“Ahem, aren’t I doing this to avoid arousing suspicion? See, Zhang Jiale even said it before he left, to be aware that he might despise my identity. If I just went and directly said, ‘I’m Ye Qiu. Come with me.’ What if I only end up being spit in the face? Therefore, it’s better if you do it!” Ye Xiu said. 

“Wouldn’t he still have to interact with you afterwards anyways?” Chen Guo said. 

“Yes, but just say that I also happened to be roped in on the side of the road!” Ye Xiu said. 

“What nonsense.” Chen Guo threw her mouse. She felt that Ye Xiu just threw aside something nonsensical for her to do. 

“Well he is a fan of Tyranny. With my identity and background, we can’t be careless in handling this matter.” Ye Xiu said.

“Tyrannical Ambition. He doesn’t have to be a Tyranny fan, right?” Chen Guo said. 

“I said so because I have a certain level of understanding towards him.” Ye Xiu said. 

“To what degree do you know him?” Chen Guo asked. 

“Well, he’s a Tyranny fan. He’s an hardcore fan of Zhang Xinjie.” Ye Xiu said. “Apparently.” 

“Apparently?”

“Yup, maybe he was bragging?” Ye Xiu said. 

“Does he have a need to brag about that?” Chen Guo really wanted to pull Ye Xiu’s ear over to give a good growl.

“To sum it up, I think it’s more reliable if you’re the person to get in touch with him.” Ye Xiu said. 

“Aren’t you a little irresponsible to fool somebody like this!” Chen Guo said. 

“Look, you’re essentially the team’s manager. Recruiting team members is also a part of your responsibilities. Your formed team has me and also him. It’s something decided by you as the boss. Do we, the members, have any right to be picky? You should have this kind of working attitude. Don’t just be a fan and think like a fan.” Ye Xiu lectured her.

Chen Guo was stupefied after being lectured. She only started to regain her senses after a long while: “Are you lecturing your boss?”

“I wouldn’t dare. I wouldn’t dare.” Ye Xiu hastily noted. 

“What do I do if he doesn’t agree?” Chen Guo asked.

“Then….... We can only take a step and make plans for the next. There’s nothing we can do if he truly doesn’t want to join our team.” Ye Xiu sighed. 

“Uh, I think the problem isn’t too big. If a normal Glory player is offered something like being in a pro team, the player shouldn’t have any over conflicting sentiments.” Chen Guo could see the expression of regret on Ye Xiu’s face and thought about the hardships of forming a team, so she started to comfort him.

“I hope so.” Ye Xiu said. 

After the two finished discussing, Chen Guo prepared to take action. She grabbed her mouse, but held it in the air.

“If I don’t add him as a friend, how do I get in touch with him?” Chen Guo asked. 

“Oh.” Ye Xiu nodded, on his side, he sent a message to Little Cold Hands: “Where are you?”

“I just drowned, so I’m currently heading back to the North Bridge! What’s happening over there?” Little Cold Hands.

“Look.” Ye Xiu showed his screen to Chen Guo. 

Chen Guo was speechless. Sometimes, things really were that simple. 

Unrivaled Super Hottie withdrew from the North Bridge mage boss fight, while Chen Guo’s Chasing Haze disguised as a passerby.

Upon arriving at the North Bridge, the battle proceeded with many highlights. 

After wiping out Blossom Valley, each guild took  a position on the battlefield on either ends of the Northern Bridge. All the major guilds were fighting in a huge mess.

On the eastern head of the bridge, Samsara had grasped a slight upper hand. The players had gradually gotten ahold of the advantageous terrain on their side. The long-ranged classes took the high ground, while the support and control classes were in the middle and the melee classes at the bottom. Samsara’s tactics were clear and incomparable. They sufficiently took advantage of the condition of the North Bridge’s terrain. Their positions were not only divided between the front and the back. They also had the upper, middle, and bottom paths as well. All of these arrangements had been organized by a rough commander with a loud voice and high spirit.

As for the western end of the bridge, it was still a mess. It was hard for any of the guilds to seize the upper hand. However, the resulting position of Samsara at the eastern end gave some train of thought to the guilds on the western end. All of the big guilds started to imitate without understanding the true substance, but the problem was that this train of thought was given to everyone, so it resulted in a position where everyone was in a deadlock.

Jiang You was worried! Very worried. 

He was worried by both the state of this competition over the boss and over Unrivaled Super Hottie’s unhurried exit from the battle. 

He wanted to calm down. He reminded himself to calm down, but his heart wouldn’t calm down. He was unable to seriously observe the current situation and carry out a wise, strategic decision. He couldn’t help but have the silhouette of Unrivaled Super Hottie float up from the bottom of his heart. This fellow had infiltrated their guild for two weeks and during the two weeks of hard labor, Jiang You couldn’t figure out his aim at all, but then he just suddenly announced his leave and meant it. He didn’t seem to be snatching the boss, and had just left it hanging there. The last thing he ever did was to jump romantically into the water with Dazzling Spring…... 

What sort of evildoing did that fellow do?

Jiang You didn’t believe that Ye Qiu only came to their guild to stride around idly. This guy was a God afterall. Why would he use up his time for such leisure? Also, between the lines of his later messages, Jiang You had a sort of feeling that: it wasn’t because Ye Qiu was leaving that he didn’t care about his identity being revealed. It felt as if he wasn’t afraid of being suspected right from the beginning. 

To be completely unafraid to have himself revealed, were all Gods this arrogant when they became spies? But why would his aim be hidden so deeply, so much that they couldn’t see a hint at all? What changes did Tyrannical Ambition go through during the few weeks when Unrivaled Super Hottie mingled with them? 

Jiang You felt that the problem must have been hidden within. However, apart from gratifying changes, such as having many of their groups surpassing their progress in dungeons for the past few weeks, it seemed as if there was no bad effects to worry about at all. 

Was the evildoing hidden among the good things?

Jiang You couldn’t help himself but to keep thinking about these questions, how could he make clear commands? Originally, Tyrannical Ambition was determined to get this boss, so the troop arrangement set out for today was arrogant, but under Jiang You’s absent-minded commands, they had fallen into a pitiful deadlock. When they were pushed to the point where they had no alternatives left, a shadow suddenly joined the fight and started a massacre. That person came in an unstoppable manner as if he didn’t care about the guilds at all.

The shadow opened up a path through the crowd. Some died, while some remained alive, but he was already gone. After a few rises and falls, he instantly snatched the high ground!

Dazzling Spring!!

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 600: First Contact
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

No one thought that Dazzling Spring would return so quickly and massacre in such a tyrannical manner.

He killed his way through the crowd. Once he seized the high ground, he began blasting away once more. At this moment, there were no other players from Blossom Valley on the North Bridge apart from himself. Dazzling Spring didn’t have any helpers this time. 

Even though it was like this, his killing made Jiang You’s group want to jump into the river one after another. 

Dazzling Spring didn’t wait for them to respond as he climbed higher and higher. On the other hand, they had been fighting hard for so long, yet they still hadn’t been able to seize any high points. Dazzling Spring strolled along alone and seized, under their gaze, the most beautiful spot on the bridge.

Jiang You and the other guild leaders all had one thought in mind: why did this b*stard choose our end of the bridge and not the other end?

Zhang Jiale wasn’t only limited to this end of the bridge though. After taking the high ground, he glanced in the other direction. He was shocked when he looked.  

Judging by the position of the Samsara tags on everyone, Samsara’s troops were arranged in a beautiful formation.

It seemed that it would be a bit difficult to deal with?

Zhang Jiale had this thought, but he didn’t hesitate. He bravely rushed towards Samsara’s troops…...

By the time Chen Guo’s Chasing Haze reached the North Bridge, the battle had become indescribably chaotic.

Compared to Dazzling Spring’s attacks against Samsara, the messy entanglement between Tyrannical Ambition and the other guilds at the bridge’s western end was like a childish bore. Even they felt a little bit embarrassed for themselves.

The level of skill involved in the battles on the two ends of the bridges weren’t on the same level.

It was like how Unrivaled Super Hottie had challenged Blossom Valley on his own before, making everyone realize that it was a fight between two experts.

Only this time, the solo challenger was Dazzling Spring. 

As for Samsara, a loud voice continued to command their troops.

The guilds present all knew each other’s background. They interacted with each other numerous times a week. No one in Samsara had this kind of voice. The voice didn’t belong to their guild leader Three Realms Six Paths or any of the senior figures in the guild.

Just who was this person?

Because of the chaos, no one was able to identify their commander. Otherwise, the guilds on the bridge’s eastern end would have attempted to get rid of this person as quickly as possible, no matter what the sacrifice. This person’s importance to Samsara was unrivaled.

As for his arrangements, even an expert like Dazzling Spring was having trouble against them.

However, Zhang Jiale was still a God. 

After a few probing attacks, Zhang Jiale exploded into his Hundred Blossoms style. He leapt onto the bridge and headed across in a certain direction.

Everyone had turned towards Dazzling Spring long ago. They quickly caught the direction Dazzling Spring was charging towards. A Warlock was jumping up and down, trying to dodge Dazzling Spring’s attacks. 

However, Dazzling Spring refused to comply. This time, it was as if he was determined to sacrifice everything to kill this Warlock.

Could that Warlock be the commander?

They had to help! This would be a crucial moment!

All the guilds that had been beaten down by Samsara’s formations were filled with vigor all of a sudden. 

They hadn’t retreated yet, which naturally meant that they hadn’t completely given up yet. Seeing Dazzling Spring’s offense, they felt like it was the perfect opportunity to turn the tides. As a result, the guilds ignored everything else and began assisting Dazzling Spring to kill off the Warlock.

“F*ck!!!”

Everyone heard the loud voice curse.

A crazy assault, without regard for anything else, was very hard to defend against. Even more so with an expert killer like Dazzling Spring joining in.

Just when everyone thought that this Warlock would die, he actually leapt into the water before the attacks arrived.

Yes, he ran away!

Jumping into the water before being struck by any of the attacks was an act of escape.

In the world of gaming, where lives were as inexpensive as paper, in an intense battle like fighting for a boss, a character, who seemed to be the commander, actually chose to run away. At that instant, everyone paled. This behavior lacked any sense of shame and was utterly wretched. It was something even a noob wouldn’t do! The Warlock’s actions made everyone deeply shocked.

The players present couldn’t help but remember a phrase that loud voice often said: “Could you be a bit dirtier??”

Yes, you could! You really could! You’re too much!

At such a time, several players even had a disdainful emoji popping above their character’s heads. There were even Samsara players who did it and similarly despised such shameful actions.

At this moment, a God’s temperament needed to be talked about.

This direct move didn’t distract Zhang Jiale at all. Being dirty was a type of strategy. As a God, he need to be able to adapt to any situation. When he saw the Warlock jumping down into the water, Zhang Jiale immediately had Dazzling Spring switch targets. Almost at the exact same time that the Warlock jumped into the water, Dazzling Spring sent several nearby Samsara players into the water to keep him company.

Samsara’s formation was instantly broken. The players from the other guilds regained their composure and hastily hit Samsara while they were down. On the other hand, Dazzling Spring left. After seizing the high ground a third time, he began attacking randomly again. He wanted to control both ends of the bridge. Everyone else was itching to drag him down and kill him, but they didn’t have ability to do so. 

The North Bridge’s unique terrain was like an aquatic battle. Normal players couldn’t deal with it, so even though Zhang Jiale was by himself, he could easily make the guilds want to flip a table.

When Chen Guo’s Chasing Haze arrived, she missed the utterly wretched escape into the water. She didn’t care much about the fight for the boss. Her only mission was to search for the ID “Little Cold Hands”.

Even though she knew his name, it wasn’t easy finding a single player in such chaos. Chen Guo didn’t dare to approach the battle too carelessly either. Fighting for a wild boss was a sensitive subject. If a bystander didn’t keep their distance, it was possible they would be suspected of trickery and be killed. 

Chen Guo had Chasing Haze go around in a wide arc, but she couldn’t find Little Cold Hands. When she turned her head around, she noticed that Ye Xiu was looking at her screen and she hurriedly asked him if he saw Little Cold Hands. 

“Nope.” Ye Xiu also shook his head. His eyesight was keener than Chen Guo’s, but he wasn’t able to find any traces of Little Cold Hands either.

“He wouldn’t be on the other side, would he?” Chen Guo said as she looked towards the other end of the bridge. It was the position where Samsara and the other guilds had set up their front. Because of the distance, it was impossible to read the names clearly. 

“It shouldn’t be possible!” Ye Xiu said. 

Tyrannical Ambition’s position was on this side. If he ran off to the other side just for fun, then his judgement would be very disappointing.

“Maybe he hasn’t arrived yet?” Chen Guo controlled Chasing Haze to go around in another circle, but she still wasn’t able to locate him.

“Wait wait. Turn your view to the right, turn, turn again.” Ye Xiu spoke. 

Chen Guo’s mouse moved bit by bit. 

“Stop, there’s a person over there.” Ye Xiu pointed to Chen Guo’s screen at a tree not too far away from where they stood. 

“Really?” Chen Guo hadn’t noticed. She had mainly been searching the people in the crowd. She didn’t even notice the tree.

“Is it him?” Chen Guo asked.

“I don’t know.” Ye Xiu said. 

“I’ll go take a look.” Chen Guo didn’t have anything else to do, so she went to look behind the tree.

After adjusting her view, she saw a person behind the tree. Chen Guo immediately had Chasing Haze walk closer and quickly saw her target.

A female Cleric with the ID: Little Cold Hands.

“It’s him.” Chen Guo was happy. She was about to walk up, but she suddenly stopped after a few steps. 

Who knew when this Little Cold Hands had come to this spot, but he wasn’t moving. He was just hiding behind the tree, looking at who knows what. How would she be able to persuade him? She couldn’t just say: Bro, your peeping skills are peerless. I’m planning on creating a team. Come with me and I’ll unlock your full peeping potential!

It sounded so sketchy!

Chen Guo was thinking and she unconsciously had Chasing Haze come to a stop.

Maybe she could say that she saw his excellent healing skills on Unrivaled Super Hottie, so she was interested in having a chat with him, but to show such admiration only based on a single move might make her come off as a scammer?

Chen Guo couldn’t think of how to introduce herself, so she didn’t have Chasing Haze go up yet. She turned her head to look at Ye Xiu: “What is he doing?”

Ye Xiu also shook his head. He wasn’t familiar with Little Cold Hands to the point where he could predict his thoughts.

At this time, Little Cold Hands turned his view and saw a stupefied Chasing Haze. 

Seeing how she had been spotted, Chen Guo thought for a moment before deciding to let Chasing Haze go forward. Little Cold Hands didn’t run away, but rather she just stood under the tree, staring at Chasing Haze.

“Hello.” When their distance seemed about right, Chen Guo gave a greeting.

“Hi.” He replied. Originally, it would have been unsettling to hear a masculine voice coming from a female Cleric. However, even though this person’s voice was also masculine, his one-syllable reply felt as if it had some softness in it. The person’s voice and the character’s looks weren’t as conflicting as Chen Guo had imagined it would be. 

So strange…… Chen Guo thought quietly in her mind. 

“I saw you before.” This was the introduction Chen Guo had thought of.

“Oh?”

“Before on the bridge, that Holy Heal of yours was brilliant.” Chen Guo continued. 

“Ha ha, it was alright!” His modest tone gave Chen Guo a good impression of him.

“If you don’t mind me asking, that wasn’t a coincidence, was it?” Chen Guo said. 

“Ha ha, there was a bit of luck involved.” Little Cold Hands said. 

“Then from what you’re saying, you’re a pretty skilled player!” Chen Guo said. 

“I’m just so-so!”

“So it’s like this. I’m planning on forming a pro team and I’m looking for a Cleric. Are you interested in joining?” Chen Guo said. 

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 601: Many Questions
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Little Cold Hands was direct. He didn’t try to beat around the bush and asked for the truth. This truth was what Ye Xiu had wanted to hide and was why Ye Xiu had Chen Guo deal with this matter instead of doing it himself. However, they were exposed from the beginning. Chen Guo instantly felt embarrassed. She couldn’t bring herself to answer him at the moment, so she turned her head and looked at Ye Xiu.

“What happened?” Ye Xiu asked.

“We’ve been seen through.” Chen Guo said.

“Oh?” Ye Xiu didn’t seem to be too surprised. “So what did he say?”

“It’s my turn to talk now.” Chen Guo said.

“Then say what you need to say!” Ye Xiu said.

Then Chen Guo also showed the brisk side of her and happily admitted: “Yes.”

”Oh, then this team has some weight to it.” Little Cold Hands said.

Chen Guo was confused for a moment. When she first mentioned that “Holy Heal”, this fellow appeared to be quite humble, but this sentence sort of implied that he thought of himself very highly. How could someone say something like Ye Qiu’s team only had “some weight to it”.

“Was that Unrivaled Super Hottie, Ye Qiu?” The more Little Cold Hands asked, the deeper he got.

Chen Guo turned around to look at Ye Xiu: “He’s asking about Unrivaled Super Hottie!”

Ye Xiu nodded his head, so Chen Guo answered with another: “Yes.”

“What was his aim for sneaking into Tyrannical Ambition?” Little Cold Hands continued to ask.

He was currently speaking in an arrogant tone. As for Chen Guo, she was the type who could be persuaded by reason, but not coerced. When Little Cold Hands was being humble and polite, she had a good impression on him, but now that he suddenly acted all haughty, she immediately felt unhappy. If she continued to say that Ye Xiu did that just to find a Cleric and picked him, wouldn’t it please him to death? As a result, Chen Guo decided to just blab: “No particular reason. He just wanted to play on a side account to sharpen his skills.”

“To sharpen his skills? With Ye Qiu’s level, what skills could he need to sharpen by joining an average team in a guild?” Little Cold Hands was able to see through the lie with ease. Chen Guo felt gloomy and found Ye Xiu continuously shaking his head beside her, expressing his disdain towards her lie.

“In short, we think your skills are quite good. What do you think? Are you interested in joining us?” Chen Guo didn’t care, because truthfully, she favored the frank and blunt method. If he was interested in joining, then he could join. If not, he didn’t have to. It would be over and done with. If a clear and straightforward answer was given, why would there be a need to chit-chat anymore? In any case, everything had been exposed.

“If he really is Ye Qiu, then I do have some interest.” Little Cold Hands spoke, “But you’re not just borrowing his name to bluff me, are you?”

Chen Guo could see that he was starting to doubt her and wanted to faint. However, in the end, this was still official business, so she didn’t directly show her fearlessness and patiently continued: “It’s true. Didn’t you guess correctly from the start?”

“Then where is he? Why didn’t he come to find me himself?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“It’s because he was afraid that you’re a Tyranny fan, so you might not like him because of his background as the God from Excellent Era.” Chen Guo spoke the truth.

“Oh, that’s true, but it wasn’t very wise to send you because a lot of people know about your relationship with Ye Qiu!” Little Cold Hands said.

“Yes yes yes. We were too careless, but now that you already know about it, how about you give us a definite answer about whether or not you’re interested in joining!” Chen Guo said.

“How could my decision be so easy?” Little Cold Hands was very shocked. “If I joined Ye Qiu, then I wouldn’t just be playing around for fun anymore, no? The goal would be the Pro Alliance, wouldn’t it? With the championships as the goal, it means I’d have to become a pro player, right? This is an important decision that could affect the rest of my life. Do you think I’d just be able to casually throw out an answer in a few seconds?”

The long chain of rhetorical questions made Chen Guo speechless. After a long while, she powerlessly said: “Then you can think about it. You can give me an answer anytime you’d like.”

“You’re just going to leave me like this?” Little Cold Hands continued to be surprised.

“Then what do you want?” Chen Guo asked.

“You should at least introduce your future plans and your current situation, right? For example, the other team members apart from Ye Qiu. For example, how much financial backing does your team have? What’s the direction and aim of the team’s development? What would be my compensation and salary be? How many years would I have to sign for in the contract? Are there three insurances and one fund or five insurances and one fund? Does your team provide food and housing accommodations?” Little Cold Hands continued with another chain of questions.

This time, Chen Guo didn’t feel upset. She also realized that what she was discussing with Little Cold Hands was indeed a very serious and important issue. On the other hand, she was recruiting him like how she would for a dungeon party in the game.

“Okay!” Chen Guo hurriedly hastily corrected her attitude, “As for our team, Ye Qiu will be the captain. We’re currently in the preparatory phase. We will be signing up for the Challenger League next season and fighting for qualifications into the Pro League. As for our members, we’re still in the middle of recruiting them. As for the investment, I’m currently the investor. As for salary, if you intend to join the team, then we can sit down and discuss it, are you satisfied?”

“Oh? You’re the investor? Namely…...the boss?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“Pretty much!” Chen Guo answered with a bit of guilt because she realized more and more that it wouldn’t be an easy thing to support a team in the current Glory league. She wasn’t confident that she could really support the team all by herself.

“Pretty much? What does that even mean?” Little Cold Hands grasped this point.

“Currently, I’m the only investor.” Chen Guo said.

“You mean that in the future, someone else could become a shareholder, or do you mean that you aren’t completely sure about the issue, so you gave a vague answer?” Little Cold Hands said.

“Okay! I’m not sure. We’re currently in the preparatory stage of creating the team, so there are a lot of questions that we’re still figuring out.” Chen Guo said.

“Also, you mentioned that your team would be getting the qualifications into the Pro League through the Challenger League? From the looks of it, your resources are very limited and you don’t have confidence in any of the other paths to the Pro League, but for the Challenger League, even if we have a God like Ye Qiu, we can’t be sure that we would definitely reach the end. After all, in the Challenger League, there will be two eliminated pro teams joining too, right? Under these circumstances, what would the contract for our wages say? Would our contract have a clause saying it’s half-professional? That if we happen to win our way into the Pro League through the Challenger League, the contract would automatically change into a full professional contract? If the team fails, the contract would automatically be terminated and everyone can just return home and do whatever?

Little Cold Hands threw out a mountain of questions once again. These were all things that Chen Guo had never thought about before. She was unable to ward off the blows at the moment. After hesitating for a long while, she gave another vague answer: “We’re still thinking about these issues. We can discuss the specifics once everyone has gathered together.”

“Oh look, another uncertainty! You really are unsure toward all the issues. Don’t tell me that you’re planning to say if I have any intentions on joining, then I should give you around three to five hundred yen as a deposit? If that’s the case, then I don’t have any other doubts toward your identity.” Little Cold Hands said.

“Of course not……” Chen Guo was gloomy, but she couldn’t bring herself to blame him because their team still lacked a decent and proper plan. Chen Guo was unsure about what Ye Xiu was planning, so she really couldn’t say anything. She was afraid that Little Cold Hands would ask more questions right now, so she firmly raised the white flag: “Actually, Ye Qiu is the one mainly responsible with creating the team. How about I have him find you to talk about all of this!”

“Don’t tell me, you don’t have any thoughts of your own? You’re that careless of an investor? Are you throwing everything to Ye Qiu to do? Could it be that he’s your relative?” Little Cold Hands still continued to ask.

“Ask him, ask him……” Chen Guo could only say these words. She ruthlessly pulled Ye Xiu over from beside her. “You talk to him!”

“Talk about what?” Ye Xiu asked.

“The team’s plans, the members of the team, our financial backing, if he needs to sign a contract, sign what sort of contract, if he gets three insurances and one fund, does it cover food and housing, and also, if I’m your relative.” Chen Guo summarized everything emotionlessly. She was about to go crazy.

“Ha ha ha, this fellow has done a lot of thinking!” Ye Xiu laughed, while taking Chen Guo’s headphones.

“Just hang it over there! I want to listen too.” Chen Guo said.

“Why don’t you just put it on speaker? It wouldn’t be as exhausting for you.” Ye Xiu said.

“And I was afraid of it being too noisy!” Chen Guo said.

Ye Xiu held the mic near his mouth and said: “Hello, hello?”

“Ye Qiu?” The other side asked.

“It’s me, it’s me. I’ve heard that you have a lot of questions!” Ye Xiu said.

“Yup, my first question is to confirm that you’re the one who picked me and not that foolish lady who spoke earlier?” Little Cold Hands said.

Ye Xiu gazed innocently at Chen Guo, who sat beside him. To his surprise, Chen Guo didn’t seem to have the energy to be angry because Chen Guo felt pretty stupid about her responses to Little Cold Hands.

“Yes, I was the one who found you. Moreover, that ‘foolish lady is not my relative. She’ll be our boss.” Ye Xiu said.

“Oh? She’s so stupid. Her money must be easy to swindle, right? Is that why you chose her as your investor?” Little Cold Hands said.

“I forgot to tell you. She can hear our conversation right now.” Ye Xiu had to say.

“......” Little Cold Hands, who had kept on asking questions, finally became silent. He then started said: “Hello boss, I hope that after you heard the reminders I gave you, you should be more aware of the risks that the Challenger League holds and to be cautious in investing.”

“Thank you.” Chen Guo’s face was covered in tears.

“Then let's get to business, please tell me about the current state of this team!” Little Cold Hands said.

“The situation is just as boss said. It’s currently filled with uncertainties. If we can’t assemble enough members before the Challenger League starts, then everything will just be for nothing.” Ye Xiu said.

“Is this your main concern right now?” Little Cold Hands said.

“Indeed.”

“Even if we managed to form a team, how can you be so certain about the Challenger League?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“As long as it’s a competition, then no one would dare say that they are one hundred percent certain. However, a team like ours, which is made from scratch, needs to be tested through something like the Challenger League. If we can’t even perform well enough in the Challenger League, then even if our team enters the Pro League, then we would just be returning to the game very soon. To enter the Pro League through the Challenger League is so that our investors don’t have to take such dangerous risks. This is our responsibility to the investors.” Ye Xiu said.

“What you mean is that Challenger League’s aim is actually to examine this team’s quality and worth?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“Correct, the one who would actually be taking on the risk of elimination would be me. As long as you guys perform well, then the Challenger League will help you achieve enough to ensure your future.” Ye Xiu said.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 602: There’s Always Something That’ll Work
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Ye Xiu’s lingering words sounded solemn and stirring. Even Tang Rou, who was diagonal from him, heard his words and felt moved. Chen Guo didn’t need to be mentioned. Her fragile heart had already shattered to pieces. She didn’t know what to say. Chen Guo hated how she couldn’t take out her heart and sell it to achieve her dream.

In the game, Little Cold Hands was clearly touched as well, except he was also clearly an extremely calm and rational person. He didn’t completely give in like Chen Guo. After a moment of silence, he continued: “This sort of future can also be won by performing well in the official Pro League as well, right?”

Little Cold Hands completely ignored the huge risk Ye Xiu would be taking in the Challenger League. He continued to be ice-cold, making Chen Guo want to interrupt and curse him, but Ye Xiu calmly answered: “Correct. However, there’s another issue. I can see that you’re someone who is very clear-headed. You should have a good understanding of your own skill level. Do you think your skill is actually good enough to perform well in the pro scene?”

“Probably not.” Little Cold Hands said, “But at least I have potential. If not, why would you come looking for me?”

“Right, but your potential can be found anywhere in the training camps of the pro teams. We looked for you because our resources are limited. On the other hand, your situation happens to work out for our team. You’re still far from the pro level and need training. Directly throwing you into the Pro League would be the same as throwing an elementary school student into university. Do you think you would be able to grow in that environment? In comparison, the Challenger League would also be quite good. It continuously eliminates weaker team, allowing for a slow and steady increase in difficulty, which can be used to accumulate experience and raise your skill level progressively. It fits you too perfectly.” Ye Xiu replied.

“Okay, from what you’re saying, this is a really rare opportunity for me.” Little Cold Hands said.

“Seeing as to how you have such a detailed understanding of the pro scene, it looks like you’re quite interested in becoming a pro player.” Ye XIu said.

“Of course. I would think most players in Glory share this dream.” Little Cold Hands said.

“Now you have the opportunity to make that dream a reality.” Ye Xiu said.

“However, after having my potential recognized by a God, I’m quite eager to try and register for Tyranny’s training camp.” Little Cold Hands countered.

“Ha ha, if you really plan on doing that, I wouldn’t suggest Tyranny. Tyranny’s Zhang Xinjie is too important to the team. His position on the team far surpasses that of just a Cleric. Until he retires, even if your Cleric skills are even more outstanding than Zhang Xinjie’s, you still wouldn’t be able to replace him as the team’s Cleric. In addition, for a God-level Cleric character like Immovable Rock, Tyranny has definitely made sufficient preparations for its next successor once Zhang Xinjie retires. If you really go to Tyranny, your competition will far surpass your imagination because your competitors won’t just be you. Also, because of the importance of Zhang Xinjie in Tyranny, the team won’t have much space for a Cleric to grow. Rookie Clerics in Tyranny have difficulty gaining experience in matches. Currently, Tyranny doesn’t have any rookie Clerics in training. My guess is that Tyranny will look for a transfer from another team as Immovable Rock’s successor once Zhang Xinjie retires. Your competitors will be seasoned pro players, possibly other Gods. Student, are you ready for such an undertaking?” Ye Xiu explained.

Little Cold Hands was silent for a moment before answering: “Then from your perspective, which team would fit me?”

“Without a doubt, it would be my team. Didn’t I just say that?” Ye Xiu said.

“What will your team be called?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“Happy……” Ye Xiu replied and then turned his head to ask Chen Guo: “Right? Or are you planning on changing it?”

“Probably not?” Chen Guo also asked.

“You don’t even know the name of your own team?” Little Cold Hands was somewhat speechless, “Would it hurt to sound a little bit more reliable?”

“We emphasize practicality. Something like a name is like a fleeting cloud. It doesn’t matter what it is. The name could even be Fleeting Clouds.”

“Don’t joke around!” Chen Guo angered. She cared a lot about the name. Even though Happy didn’t sound as powerful as Tyranny, it gave a lot of other emotions to her. She could accept a name change, but something like “Fleeting Clouds” wasn’t something she couldn’t accept.

“Boss, Team Fleeting Clouds actually sounds a lot better than Team Happy. Happy…… it sounds like some small grocery store or Internet Cafe on the side of the street.”

“Ha ha ha ha, you’re right!” Ye Xiu was about to die from laughter.

“Really?” Little Cold Hands thought Ye XIu was talking about Team Fleeting Clouds sounding better than Team Happy, but Ye Xiu’s nonstop laughter was making him somewhat confused.

“Do what you want!”

Little Cold Hands heard the boss humph.

“We can talk about the name later! Do you have any other doubts? If you don’t have any, you can start considering it.” Ye Xiu said.

“If I don’t have to pay any fees or make any cash deposits, I think I can accept the offer. How about we talk about the contract now?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“What requirements would you have for the contract?” Ye Xiu asked.

“Seeing your dire circumstances and my current skill level, I don’t really have any qualifications to talk about any conditions, do I?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“Correct. You think of yourself as too much of a treasure. If you have too many conditions, I’ll just have to continue picking up grass.” Ye Xiu said.

“But if you keep on going back and forth looking for recruits like this, wouldn’t it waste too much of your time?” Little Cold Hands said.

“Without a reliable team to count on, there isn’t really much else to do.” Ye Xiu said.

“How many players have you found for your team so far?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“Including you, we should have around four.” Ye Xiu said.

“The other two?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“One of them is a Warlock. For now, you won’t be able to get in touch with him. The other one is a Battle Mage, who’s currently in the tenth server.” Ye Xiu said.

“What about Mu Mu? Doesn’t she count?” Chen Guo heard Ye Xiu talk about Wei Chen and Tang Rou and hastily asked.

“She can’t for the Challenger League!” Ye Xiu said.

“Mu Mu? Su Mucheng?” Little Cold Hands listened.

“If we can smoothly enter the Pro League, she’ll be be a part of our team.” Ye Xiu said.

“Oh oh, I finally hear a reliable piece of information from you.” Little Cold Hands sighed.

“What about that Steamed Bun?” Chen Guo asked again.

“I haven’t talked about it with Steamed Bun yet. Who knows what he’s thinking.” Ye Xiu said.

“Steamed Bun can think?” Chen Guo had managed the guild in the tenth server before, so she had interacted with Steamed Bun Invasion several times already.

“He’s not a real steamed bun! He’s an actual person too!” Ye Xiu defended him.

“Isn’t it about time you mentioned it to him?” Chen Guo said.

“Have I talked about it with him before? I forget……” Ye Xiu said.

(“Isn’t it more like the author forgot?” Chen Guo said.

“Most likely. That useless trash. I hate him!” Ye Xiu nodded his head.)

‘Then should I go talk to him about it?” Chen Guo said. (Author note: this “him” is referring to Steamed Bun Invasion. Please skip over the part in parentheses……)

“Did you forget that we’re in the middle of a conversation with a certain someone?” Ye Xiu reminded Chen Guo. Steamed Bun Invasion was an entirely different matter.

“Ahem!” Little Cold Hands coughed.

Chen Guo felt so ashamed that she wanted to die.

“Okay, Little Hands, I’ll be direct. You tell me what your requirements are for the contract and then give us some time to think about it!” Ye Xiu said.

“The Challenger League will test the quality of the team and the quality of the individual team members too. You wouldn’t dare to be certain that the players you’ve gathered are enough to form a pro team, right? After smoothly passing through the Challenger League, what if some of the team members don’t perform well enough. Would you kick them out after entering the Pro League?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“Your attitude decides everything. If your attitude doesn’t prove to be a problem, you’ll be good enough and you’ll perform well.” Ye Xiu said.

“So you’re saying you won’t deny such a possibility!” Little Cold Hands said.

“Of course. Nothing is set in stone yet.” Ye Xiu said.

“Then what happens if another team is interested in me, would the team allow me to leave?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“So you were concerned about this. Ha ha, if you really do rise to become an amazing talent, even if we wanted to, we wouldn’t be able to stop you! If you’ve been paying attention to the pro scene, then you should know that teams don’t usually force players to stay if they aren’t willing to stay. That wouldn’t be a win-win situation. If something like that happened, both sides would need to negotiate until both sides are satisfied with the results. Is that satisfactory answer?” Ye Xiu said.

“Then what will the specifics of the contract look like?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“Since we’re unreliable, we obviously haven’t even started writing up contracts yet, but if you go online and do a search, you should be able to find similar contracts prepared by other teams. You can use those as references.” Ye Xiu said.

“You’re saying that I have to prepare the contract myself?” Little Cold Hands asked.

“That isn’t impossible.” Ye Xiu said.

“If I wanted to back out right now, can I?” Little Cold Hands said.

“You’re joking :)” Ye Xiu sent a smiley face.

“Fine, but I still need to confirm that you’re Ye Qiu.” Little Cold Hands said.

“Would it be good enough if I went on Lord Grim and sent you a message?” Ye Xiu asked.

“There isn’t any proof that Lord Grim is Ye Qiu.” Little Cold Hands said.

“Go ask your guild leader.” Ye Xiu said.

“......”

“Or I can give you old Han’s or Zhang’s phone number and you can ask them yourself?”

“.......”

“Oh my! I don’t think I have their phone numbers. I can give your their QQ’s?”

“......”

“Or you can video chat with Su Mucheng.”

“......”

“Or I could go look for Huang Shaotian and have you experience how talkative he really is?”

“......”

“There has to be a method you can accept, right? You can choose any of them.” Ye Xiu said.

“It’s fine. I believe you……” Little Cold Hands said.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 603: Team Group Chat
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

“It’s done.” Ye Xiu finally let out a sigh of relief. Little Cold Hands agreed to join the team. For clear-headed people, persuading them wasn’t an easy task, but it wasn’t difficult either. Beating around the bush or saying vague statements wouldn’t work on them, but if you clearly stated the pros and cons, they would naturally come to the choice you wanted. Of course, there was one requirement. The choice you wanted has to benefit them. If it doesn’t, then no matter how well you spoke, it would be hard to persuade rational people.

“In the future, you should be the one to do this!” Chen Guo felt a bit ashamed.

“I didn’t know that he would be that type of person!” Ye Xiu expressed his helplessness. He had only teamed up with Little Cold Hands for one dungeon and noticed that one of the Clerics on the team had a beautiful grasp of the tempo. However, in a team with multiple Clerics supporting a single tank, this type of beautiful playing could easily be covered up.

Only a God like Ye Xiu would barely be able to notice this special Cleric. After finding out this special Cleric was Little Cold Hands, he continued to observe him and also paid attention to his messages in chat.

In that team, Little Cold Hands was a very ordinary player. Even though his playing was beautiful, his weaknesses were also very obvious. Because of his slow reaction speed and slow hands, he was lacking in many areas. When he stood still and healed, he performed perfectly, but as soon as anything unexpected happened, such as the tank messing up the aggro, he was unable to react appropriately in those situations.

If an expert wanted to distinguish himself, the easiest way was to shine during crucial moments. However, Little Cold Hand’s weaknesses stopped him from performing well at these crucial moments. His strengths, such as healing at the correct time, only appeared when the situation was stable and everyone was standing still. However, the rest of the Clerics on the team covered him up, which was why no one had noticed anything abnormal about LIttle Cold Hands before.

In dungeon runs, Little Cold Hands just looked like another Cleric, so even though Ye Xiu paid attention to the chat, he couldn’t get much from his messages. Right now, Ye Xiu was quite happy that Little Cold Hands was a clear-headed and rational person. It was because Little Cold Hands was such a person that he didn’t have any enmity towards Ye Qiu’s identity, despite being a Tyranny fan. He only cared about the important issues with being a part of the team.

If Little Cold Hands had been someone like Chen Guo, who angrily left her guild for her idol, there probably wouldn’t have even been a discussion. Ye Xiu thought he might encounter such a person, so he called Chen Guo over to test him out. If the other side was someone like Chen Guo with strong opinions, tricking him wouldn’t work, because the truth would come out eventually.

However, someone clear-headed and rational wouldn’t be easy to deal with either. Like Little Cold Hands mentioned before, it was the issue of choosing other teams. He could ignore the conflict between Ye Qiu and Tyranny to join Ye Qiu’s team, meaning his emotions wouldn’t restrain his decisions, but this also meant that his loyalty to the team needed to be established through other means. Fame or other benefits could easily sway him into leaving their team for another.

In any case, being able to get someone like him to join the team was something worth celebrating.

Ye Xiu didn’t say anything more because he had said everything he needed to say. Afterwards, he asked Little Cold Hands about a few more minor details.

Little Cold Hands wasn’t old. He was a university student. Ye Xiu had gotten this information when they had been running dungeons together. If he didn’t meet this age prerequisite, Ye Xiu wouldn’t have considered him. After all, normal players required time to grow, unlike someone with a deep foundation like Wei Chen. If he was too old, he would be too difficult to train and he wouldn’t be able to become a highly-skilled player. Only after learning about Little Cold Hand’s age did he begin doing a more detailed investigation.

Now that he was asking him personally, he verified his age.

Little Cold Hands was 20 years old. After the summer, he would be a third year university student. His real name was An Wenyi. Both his family and his school were in City B. Because of special circumstances, the two exchanged their phone and QQ numbers. As for how he was going to deal with his relationships in the game, school, and family, Ye Xiu didn’t ask. An Wenyi’s rational mind saved Ye Xiu a lot of worry about these aspects.

Chen Guo opened up her QQ and added An Wenyi as a friend. After that, she created a group called “Team Happy”. Ye Xiu was naturally the first to join. Then, she invited An Wenyi, Tang Rou, and Wei Chen to the group.

Their next conversation topic was no longer about the contract. Ye Xiu told An Wenyi about his observations and analyzed the issues that he had noticed when they played together. As for how to help him improve, Ye Xiu needed a better understanding first. He logged out of Unrivaled Super Hottie and logged onto Lord Grim. He partied up with Little Cold Hands and looked for a small five man dungeon to go into.

With just the two of them alone, along with situations that Ye Xiu created to test An Wenyi, Ye Xiu was able to quickly get a deeper understanding of An Wenyi’s skill level. As he cleared away monsters, he had already begun coaching him. As for the North Bridge, he had completely forgotten about it. At the North Bridge, with Dazzling Spring back and no one with the ability to stop him, Blossom Valley gathered together again and regained the upper hand. This time, there was no Unrivaled Super Hottie to disturb him. In the end, after many twists and turns, the North Bridge Mage still ended up in the hands of Blossom Valley.

Unrivaled Super Hottie’s mighty attack, the Cleric heal at the crucial moment, and the dirty commander of Samsara all became meaningless.

The guilds dispersed gloomily. Jiang You already looked like his soul had left his body.

He failed to win the wild boss that the team urgently needed. He still didn’t know the purpose of Ye Qiu spying on his guild for two weeks. These two problems constantly bothered him. Jiang You was doomed to have a sleepless night today.

“That’s basically your current situation right now. Later, I’ll help you sort out everything and devise a training routine for you!”

At a dungeon exit, there stood one person, who was the source of all of Jiang You’s troubles, and the other, who had Tyrannical Ambition’s tag next to his name. Right now, none of them showed an ounce of empathy towards Jiang You’s misery. After running the five man dungeon twice, Ye Xiu ended his session with An Wenyi and prepared to begin helping the others.

“Should I call Steamed Bun over?” Seeing that Ye Xiu was busy, Chen Guo gave a suggestion.

“Okay, invite him into the group!” Ye Xiu said. He and Steamed Bun Invasion had been in touch with each other since a long time ago, so he had a good understanding of his situation.

“What’s the situation? Where’s this?” Steamed Bun Invasion’s QQ name was also Steamed Bun Invasion. His profile picture was a photo of a grinning steamed bun. After accepting the invite, he joined the group and began blabbering away.

“Hm? Team Happy. What a coincidence! It has the same name as our guild!” Steamed Bun Invasion chattered.

“Steamed Bun, it’s me. Lord Grim.” Ye Xiu said.

“Senior!” Steamed Bun Invasion immediately greeted him.

“Did you see? Our guild is planning on forming a team. Would you like to join?” Ye Xiu asked.

“Of course.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.

“We’re going to sign up and participate in the Challenger League next season. Do you know what that is?” Ye Xiu asked.

“No idea.”

“There’s some information here.” Ye Xiu sent him a link.

“So many words……” Steamed Bun Invasion clicked on the link and an info page about the Challenger League on the Pro League’s website opened up. After five seconds, he let out a grumble.

“We’re going to join this competition. After winning, we’ll be able to enter the pro scene!” Ye Xiu said.

“The pro scene!” Steamed Bun Invasion sent out a shocked emoji.

“Do you know what that is?” Ye Xiu asked.

“Of course!” Steamed Bun Invasion hadn’t played Glory for all this time for nothing. He had a lot more knowledge about the game than before.

“We’ll go to the pro scene and win the championships! Doesn’t that sound fun?” Ye Xiu said.

“Awesome!” Steamed Bun Invasion said.

“Then it’s decided.” Ye Xiu said.

“When’s the competition?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked.

“It’s still too early. We’ll have to wait until the summer, when the next season begins.” Ye Xiu said.

“But I can’t wait any longer. I’m already burning up!” Steamed Bun Invasion said.

“That’s the spirit a young person should have!” Ye Xiu praised.

“You’re too right! I really should have my little bro listen to senior’s words.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.

“Your brother?”

“Concealed Light! Senior, have you forgotten about him already? But then again, you’re right. He’s just a small character.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.

“Oh, Concealed Light! Of course I remember him. How good is he now?’ Ye Xiu said.

“One word: he’s still a noob!” Steamed Bun Invasion said.

Ye Xiu didn’t point out that he had said four words because Steamed Bun Invasion quickly followed up: “But speaking of him, he’s quite hardworking. Senior, how about we give him a chance to feel the burning spirit of our team?”

“Oh, of course!” Ye Xiu said. He also had Concealed Light’s QQ. From the guides that Concealed Light had written up, he also had some talent. It was just that the difference between his theoretical knowledge and his actual ability to play was too incredible. Even though Ye Xiu had given him a few training methods, because of his extremely low starting point, Ye Xiu didn’t have high expectations for Concealed Light. If he had the perseverance to continue training, in the future, he had the potential to become an outstanding player, but right now, with his current strength, he was still way too weak to be one of his team’s members.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 604: The Starting Six
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Concealed Light was soon dragged into the QQ group. Ye Xiu and Chen Guo didn’t even get the chance to say anything , when Steamed Bun Invasion started lecturing him harshly: “Boy, you listen here. You being able to join such a high-end group is all thanks to my request to senior. You’d better cherish this opportunity and grasp your future. Don’t disgrace me, okay?”

“F*ck off f*ck off f*ck off f*ck off!!!” Concealed Light quickly replied to Steamed Bun Invasion, showing major improvement in his hand speed. He hated how this was a messaging chat, allowing Steamed Bun Invasion to send his messages all at once. If this had been a voice chat, Concealed Light would have interrupted Steamed Bun Invasion several times over already.

“Do you see where we are right now?! How can you have such bad manners!” Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly became angry.

“Let’s not argue now.” Ye Xiu could only step out and mediate.

“Did you hear what he said?! He said to stop arguing!” Steamed Bun Invasion quickly added.

Ye Xiu and Concealed Light clearly had a good understanding of Steamed Bun Invasion. Telling Steamed Bun Invasion not to argue was completely pointless, so they didn’t bother with this topic any longer. Concealed Light saw the name of the group and asked excitedly: “You’re going to create a team?”

“Yeah. Are you interested?” Ye Xiu asked.

“I can join too?” Concealed Light felt very uneasy.

“Of course not, but you can attempt if you want.”

Concealed Light was about to sincerely reply with “I’ll definitely try my hardest.” But when he realized that the person who had sent the message was Steamed Bun Invasion, his reply immediately changed to “F*ck off.”

“Uh, how have things been progressing?” Ye Xiu asked.

“He’s had a slight bit of improvement.” Steamed Bun Invasion spoke for Concealed Light.

Concealed Light: “......”

“What’s your current level?”

“Same as me.” Steamed Bun Invasion was still talking.

Concealed Light: “......”

“Our team will be registering for next season’s Challenger League and will try to earn the chance to advance into the pro scene.” Ye Xiu spoke seriously. He needed to make this point clear for all potential recruits.

“That’s a must.” Steamed Bun Invasion.

Concealed Light: “......”

“How about it? Have you ever thought about becoming a pro player?” Ye Xiu continued.

“In my dreams.” Steamed Bun Invasion quickly replied.

Concealed Light was starting to become uncertain after being annoyed to such a point: “You’re talking to me, right?”

“Yeah……” Ye Xiu had to call out names: “Steamed Bun, don’t interrupt for now!”

“Sure!” Steamed Bun Invasion replied, “Concealed Light, if Senior asks something, you should answer for yourself. What’s there to be afraid of?”

Concealed Light typed a giant block of emojis, which were all smashing their heads against a wall.

“Good, let’s go back to what I previously said. Are you interested in becoming a pro player?” Ye Xiu asked.

“I can become one too?” Concealed Light was somewhat excited, but was also somewhat uneasy. Even though he a lot of game knowledge and theory, his practical ability was very low. Concealed Low wouldn’t even dare to call himself an expert.

“If you’re determined, nothing is impossible. ‘Ye Xiu said.

“Then allow me to try!” Concealed Light expressed.

“Then you’re going to have to work even harder!” Ye Xiu said. He had gotten to know Concealed Light’s skill level long ago and because he had a few special characteristics, he had observed Concealed Light further. In terms of mechanical skill, Concealed Light didn’t have any foundation like Steamed Bun Invasion or Tang Rou did. He pretty much needed to learn from scratch. However, from his guides, he could tell that Concealed Light was someone who worked hard and studied meticulously. This type of studious spirit was Ye Xiu’s reason for having confidence in him. He believed that even though Concealed Light would need more time to develop, as long as there was a direction and he persevered, he definitely had the potential to become a pro. As for how much he would be able to accomplish, that would depend on himself and luck.

“Yes yes, I’ll definitely try hard!” Concealed Light agreed excitedly once he confirmed that Ye Xiu was speaking to him.

‘Good luck!” Ye Xiu sent a “fighting” emoji.

“Nooo! There’s no competition taking place right now! It’s making me impatient. I need to go back to the game and show my strength. I’ll be going!” Steamed Bun Invasion sent a roaring emoji and quickly returned to the game.

“F*ck, so noisy……” Concealed Light finally obtained a peaceful and quiet environment.

“Ha ha…..” Apart from a laugh, Ye Xiu really didn’t know what to say.

“Is there anything else? If not, I’ll be going back to the game too.” Concealed Light said.

“Uh, how about leaving your contact info? It will be more convenient for us to contact you if we need something.” Chen Guo said.

Chen Guo’s QQ name was also Chasing Haze, so Concealed Light immediately recognized who she was. After Lord Grim had gone to the Heavenly Domain, a character called Chasing Haze often showed up to deal with matters in the tenth server’s Guild Happy. Even though she wasn’t the guild leader in name, she was essentially Happy’s guild leader. She had practically the same authority as one, so Concealed Light obviously knew who she was.

‘Sure.” Concealed Light said, while giving her his phone number. He also asked: “Do you need my credentials or anything like that? For when we register?”

The official organizer for the Pro Alliance would definitely need proof of identity. It seemed like Concealed Light was the type of person to forget stuff, so he wanted to get it done with as quickly as possible.

“It’s still too early for us to register. It will have to be after the season ends, but you can give it to me now if you’d like. ‘Ye Xiu said.

Concealed LIght immediately sent his information over, such as his ID.

Concealed Light, real name Luo Ji, 18 years old. He was a second year mathematics major at Famous University in City T.

“Famous University! Wow! 18 years old and already a second year?” Chen Guo was amazed.

“You flatter me.” Concealed Light replied modestly.

“Math major…… are you a good student?” Ye Xiu asked.

“Hello? He’s a student at Famous University! Do you even know what that means?” Chen Guo said. She had dropped out of high school in order to manage the Internet Cafe. As for the person next to her, from her knowledge of his career, he had probably left his home to play videogames after graduating from middle school. Chen Guo felt like with their educational backgrounds, they should deeply respect a student from a place like Famous University.

“Study well. It’s very useful.” Ye Xiu said.

“What do you know?” Chen Guo said with disdain.

“From a gaming perspective, math is a very very very important subject. If you study it well, it will certainly be helpful.” Ye Xiu said.

Chen Guo was speechless. This guy was telling him to study well from a gaming perspective? If his major hadn’t been a very very very important subject from a gaming perspective, he wouldn’t tell him to straight up switch majors would he…….

“Yeah, I know.” Concealed Light said. As a math major, he knew how useful mathematics was.

“I have some data here. You can try to study it.” Ye Xiu said.

“Oh?”

Ye Xiu private messaged Concealed Light and sent him some of the data.

“These are from the normal server. Once you get to the Heavenly Domain, there’ll be a lot more.” Ye Xiu said. He gave Concealed Light the results of Wei Chen’s research on skill books. Now that he knew about Concealed Light’s identity, he felt like giving these to Concealed Light might produce new findings and advances. Wei Chen was from a rough background. After retiring for so many years, he probably wasn’t someone who could become successful just by studying by himself. His research was from experience, intuition, and experiments in order to reach a conclusion. Only someone as knowledgeable as Concealed Light would be able to deconstruct the difference factors involved in finding skill book drops.

Even though he was only a second year university student, Ye Xiu firmly believed that his friend Wei Chen’s education had probably stopped at third year in middle school. Life experiences might be able to increase his knowledge, but an advanced skill like math wasn’t something that could be obtained in such a way.

“Ah, this……” Concealed Light had played for a long time. How could he not know about the value of skill books? After flipping through a few pages of data, he felt greatly shocked.

“It’s classified information!” Ye Xiu said.

“Of course!” Concealed Light replied.

“If you’ve got time, make sure you take a look!” Ye Xiu said.

“Sure sure…….” Concealed Light replied. He seemed like he couldn’t wait any longer.

Chen Guo was a bit hesitant though. After all, Concealed Light was someone they had met online. He said he would join the team, but it was just an oral agreement. There wasn’t an actual contract or anything between them, and Ye Xiu had given him something so important…….

Chen Guo thought this was a bit too rash, but seeing that Ye Xiu trusted Concealed Light, she felt a bit embarrassed to cut in. After all, the data had already been handed over. Even if she said it now, it was too late. It would be better to place more trust in this talent from Famous University.

“Do you know about Steamed Bun’s situation?” Chen Guo had neatly organized the information on Little Cold Hands and Concealed Light, but she didn’t have time to gather any about Steamed Bun Invasion.

“Apart from his name, I have a general understanding of his situation!” Ye Xiu said. He had known Steamed Bun Invasion for awhile now and had gleaned some information from his conversations with him. He was very similar to Concealed Light. Ye Xiu already knew that he was young.

He had gotten Steamed Bun Invasion’s phone number a long time ago. As for what he did…… from their conversations together, he had revealed that he was a guard at an Internet Cafe. In that case, he had a similar background as Wei Chen. Both of them were ruffians! What would it be like if the two met each other….

“Steamed Bun has never said his real name before?” Chen Guo organized everyone’s information. Steamed Bun Invasion’s name was the only space left blank for now though.

“He’s never talked about it. I’ll ask him in a sec.” Ye Xiu said.

“Okay. Then currently we have you, Little Tang, Old Wei, Little Cold Hands, Steamed Bun, and Concealed Light. We have six already!” Chen Guo was excited.

Six players was the minimum number of players required for a team. It was the number required for a team competition. However, the rules in the Alliance weren’t fixed. If the team didn’t meet the minimum requirements, it wouldn’t mean that their qualifications would be nulled. The team could still participate, but the team would just be at a disadvantage.

For example, if a team had five players. The team would have to give up on one round of the individual competition, or play the group competition as a 2v3.

In addition to that, for the team competition, the team would only have five players and no substitutes.

This ruling was because of the difficult start in the early years of the pro scene. At that time, there were too many teams and not enough players. Teams only had the minimum six players. If any one of them had some sort of accident, it would become awkward. If they automatically lost, too many matches would be cancelled, which was why this rule had been created.

However, even though they could still register and participate in the competition without six players, they wouldn’t be able to win. Now that Team Happy had six players gathered, none of which were randomly chosen, they were progressing quite well.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 605: Times Have Changed
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Seeing how excited Chen Guo was, Ye Xiu didn’t want to pour any cold water on her mood. In reality, only he and Wei Chen were ready to go out on stage at any time. And even though Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion were talented and improved quickly, Tang Rou wasn’t just new to Glory, but new to gaming as well. It would be hard to avoid playing inconsistently. As for Steamed Bun Invasion, even though he was new to Glory, he clearly had prior experience in gaming. However, this guy had plenty of other stupid issues apart from Glory. His playing was even more inconsistent than Tang Rou’s.

As for Little Cold Hands and Concealed Light, both of them had clear weaknesses and strengths. Their weaknesses limited their strengths too. If they couldn’t overcome these weaknesses, neither of them had the qualifications to even step onstage. The Challenger League obviously wouldn’t be as difficult as the Professional League, but they would still meet a few strong opponents. With their current skill, they definitely wouldn’t be able to handle it.

Fortunately, there was still plenty of time before the Challenger League began. Moreover, the Challenger League had both fish and dragons mixed together. There would be strong opponents, but most of the participating players could be dealt with by Ye Xiu alone. After the teams, that were there just for the fun of it, were completely eliminated, there would be some time in between. During this time, Little Cold Hands and Concealed Light could continue to develop. Ye Xiu could only hope that these two could truly perform well when he needed them to. He didn’t expect them to immediately start shining as soon as they entered the Challenge League.

In short, their team lacked relatively experienced players. Ye Xiu could only feel regret towards Zhang Jiale. He wasn’t just someone who could be described as “relatively experienced”. If Zhang Jiale actually joined their team, Ye Xiu reckoned that with just him, Zhang Jiale, Wei Chen, Tang Rou, and Steamed Bun Invasion, they were more than enough to steamroll their way through the Challenger League. It was just too bad. Saying that they could steamroll through the Challenger League wouldn’t be able to persuade Zhang Jiale though. Who cares if they could sweep the Challenger League? At best, they would be able to easily earn a spot in the Professional League, but what did Zhang JIale want? To be the champion! What Ye Xiu could promise and what Zhang Jiale wanted were way too far off.

Ye Xiu thought about this to himself. He didn’t splash any cold water on Chen Guo’s happy mood, but this time, Chen Guo showed clear-headedness. After organizing the information on the members of their team, she reviewed the team: “With six players, we have enough people, but our chances of winning doesn’t seem too high, no?”

Seeing that Chen Guo had thought of it herself, Ye Xiu nodded his head: “Yeah! That Concealed Light isn’t even better than you right now!”

“What then? Do you know any other retired experts like Old Wei?” Chen Guo said.

“I do know a few. However, besides the question of whether or not they’ve even touched Glory recently, they have to be interested in joining our team. Relying on a team of these players gathered together would be enough to deal with a vast majority of opponents we will face in Challenger League, but that’s not our goal. We want to return to the Professional League and win the championships. If our team is made up of old fellows, there won’t be much room to improve…..” Ye Xiu sighed.

“What do we do then? Continue switching accounts and find potential recruits?” Chen Guo said.

Ye Xiu shook his head: “The players who are found through this method will be just like Little Cold Hands or Concealed Light. They have talent, but they also have major flaws that weaken their strength. Anyone outstanding would have been discovered already. We’re not planning on becoming a training camp. Little Cold Hands and Concealed Light are enough. We need players who can go up on stage at anytime, or players like Little Tang and Steamed Bun Invasion, who already have a solid foundation and improve quickly. These types of players can’t be found in the Heavenly Domain. They have already been discovered. It would be better to pay more attention to the tenth server. There are definitely still players like Little Tang or Steamed Bun Invasion amongst the new players. In addition, they probably haven’t been noticed by the big guilds yet.”

“But even though they haven’t noticed any yet, doesn’t mean that they’re not paying attention, right?” Chen Guo said.

“Right.” Ye Xiu sighed, “And we don’t have any advantage over them. This is something that can only be encountered by chance. To be able to pick up a Steamed Bun was already very lucky.”

“Uh oh, shouldn’t we hurry and talk with Steamed Bun about the contract? It would be terrible if another guild took him away!” Chen Guo suddenly remembered.

“This…… I don’t think it’ll happen.” Ye Xiu said.

“Why not?”

“Because of Steamed Bun’s personality and because…… from a certain perspective, Steamed Bun also has a big weakness that protects him……” Ye Xiu said.

“It’s better to be careful!” Chen Guo erred on the side of caution.

“That’s fine too.” Ye Xiu thought about it and felt like since they had already gone this far, they might as well start being more careful. Similar to how Wang Jiexi tried to recruit Tang Rou before, if Tang Rou didn’t have special circumstances, an incredible seedling would have been taken away just like that.

The current champion team! Compared with a newly created team that wasn’t even sure if they could make it through the Challenger League yet, it was too huge of a chasm.

Chen Guo acted swiftly. With the plan set, she immediately logged into the tenth server Chasing Haze and called out to Steamed Bun Invasion.

“What?” Steamed Bun Invasion replied.

“Steamed Bun, you left too quickly! We weren’t finished discussing yet!” Chen Guo said.

‘Oh oh, what else did senior have to say?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked.

“We’re creating a team to participate in an official competition, so we will need your information. We’re also going to need you to sign a contract for it later.” Chen Guo said.

“Ooh okay, then should I come over in person?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked.

“That would be good!” Chen Guo smiled.

“Where do I find you guys?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked.

“We’re in City H. Tell me when you’re available and I can come pick you up.” Chen Guo arranged.

“Sure. I’ll go buy a ticket.” Steamed Bun Invasion said and then disappeared.

Chen Guo was left there hanging. After two minutes of staring blankly, she turned around and said to Ye Xiu: “I admire Steamed Bun very much.”

“Why?” Ye Xiu wasn’t like Chen Guo who spent most of her time watching someone else play.

“Steamed Bun went to buy a ticket. He’ll be coming over directly.” Chen Guo said.

Steamed Bun Invasion’s spirit was something even Tang Rou couldn’t help but be awed by: “That Steamed Bun…… really is……”

“That’s too decisive. How are you going to accommodate for him when he arrives? Don’t tell me he’ll be sleeping on the sofa?” Ye Xiu asked.

“Mm, that’ll be an issue. Not just Steamed Bun. Later, when the team officially forms. Everyone will need to be together. We’ll definitely have to figure out how to accommodate for them. Hand this matter over to me!” Chen Guo nodded her head. Pro teams usually had 10-12 players. They couldn’t just be squeezed into such a small room in the Internet Cafe. Chen Guo seemed to have been influenced by Steamed Bun Invasion. She moved swiftly and decisively. She immediately went online and started looking up housing locations near Happy Internet Cafe.

Chen Guo hadn’t moved from this stretch of land in the past thirty years. Even the neighboring Club Excellent Era was something that Chen Guo had watched as it developed and was built. Chen Guo was very familiar with this part of town. Which surrounding areas were convenient, close to the Internet Cafe, in a nice area, etc. She could close her eyes and talk about them all. She naturally found apartments for rent very quickly and started calling.

As she called them, she took notes. Soon, she had an entire page of information. Chen Guo looked at the page and felt like she had enough information for now. She turned her head towards Ye Xiu and Tang Rou: “Who wants to go house hunting?”

“Obviously, you should be the one to go!” Ye Xiu said.

“Nonsense. I’m saying apart from me, who else wants to go?” Chen Guo called.

“I’ll go with you.” Tang Rou smiled as she stood up.

“Little Tang, you don’t need to move out. We can continue to stay here and live.” Chen Guo said.

“Mm, I’ll just go out for a walk with you then.” Tang Rou said.

“What about you? Would you like to go and take a walk?” Chen Guo said. Ye Xiu was still living in that little storage room. Speaking of which, Chen Guo felt quite embarrassed. Now that they were looking for apartments, Chen Guo wanted to make up for it.“It doesn’t matter for me. You can do what you want!” Ye Xiu waved his hands. He clearly wasn’t planning on spending much time choosing a comfortable living environment.

Chen Guo was helpless. She and Tang Rou left. Before leaving, she talked about the issue of everyone needing to live together and her plans on renovating the second floor of the Internet Cafe.

They quickly chose an apartment. Chen Guo had naturally already seen the appearances of the rooms before contacting the owner. As for the prices, Chen Guo was very familiar with this part of town. The prices were around a thousand or so yuan and she happily negotiated. Soon, they found a terraced house with six rooms in a small area called Forest Park. It had a balcony at the top, a garden at the bottom, two stories, and six rooms. Chen Guo was planning on having two people to a room. On the first floor, there were two living rooms connected together. Chen Guo felt like she could set up a circle of computers here, so they wouldn’t need to use the Internet Cafe. The team could directly eat, sleep, and practice together here.

Good! Chen Guo was so satisfied that she and Tang Rou even talked about moving over from the Internet Cafe to live here.

After paying the initial deposit, she was like a general returning home after a victory. Ye Xiu was naturally still at his computer playing Glory. Chen Guo told him the good news. Ye Xiu also looked at her with wide eyes.

“So luxurious!!!” Ye Xiu was deeply moved. He couldn’t help but think about the year he had left home. Having food and a bed was quite nice already. What type of housing condition hadn’t he been in? Ye Xiu already felt lucky to be able to live in the storage room. It was small, but it was still his own personal living space. And now? He was about to move into a villa to play games. How the times have changed.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 606: Gathering
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Chen Guo had lived in the area around Happy Internet Cafe for close to thirty years and was incredibly familiar with it. However, Ye Xiu had only been here for about seven years too, so he wasn’t too unfamiliar with it. Even though he seldom went out during those seven years, Ye Xiu still knew about the Forest Park neighborhood.

Forest Park was considered an upper-middle class neighborhood. Quite a few people from Club Excellent Era lived here. The boss Tao Xuan had property in this neighborhood and had once invited the entire team over during a vacation period for a party. In the blink of an eye, the things stayed the same, but the people have changed. Ye Xiu couldn’t help but let out a sigh.

“The contract starts in April. Why don’t you take a look, pick a room, and give some ideas on how to arrange everything?” Chen Guo pulled the sighing Ye Xiu back to reality.

“Oh, me? It doesn’t matter. We can talk about it when the time comes!” Ye Xiu said.

Chen Guo was helpless. Clothing, food, housing, and transport were basic human needs. In most people’s eyes, shouldn’t this have been an urgent issue? But for Ye Xiu, all of these were unimportant. Chen Guo reckoned that he would probably be more nervous over discovering that he had no cigarettes left.

“When will Steamed Bun be coming over?” Chen Guo asked.

“Didn’t he buy a ticket to come?” Ye Xiu said.

“You haven’t gotten any messages from him?” Chen Guo and Tang Rou had spent the entire day looking for housing.

“None!” Ye Xiu said.

“Maybe he already bought the ticket and is already on his way here?” Chen Guo wondered.

“Mm, if it’s Steamed Bun. It’s definitely possible.” Ye Xiu said.

“These guys……” Chen Guo looked up at the ceiling. She suddenly realized that she was carrying a lot of weight on her shoulder.

“Should we also call over Old Wei over?” Ye Xiu asked his boss.

“Sure sure. Call over anyone you’d like. We’ve already have the housing settled. Let’s not put it to waste.” Chen Guo remembered the reminder Tang Rou had given her that afternoon: the house rent was expensive and it was very likely much of the money would go to waste because they didn’t have enough people to fill the house yet. Steamed Bun Invasion could throw down whatever he was doing and buy a ticket to come over, but Little Cold Hands and Concealed Light were university students. They probably didn’t have the luxury to do that. They most likely needed to stay on school grounds.

Unfortunately, Chen Guo was too happy with the suite. She had barely stepped into the suite and she made a deal immediately out of impulse. The deal went so quickly that the real estate agent almost laughed. From Tang Rou’s logical point of view, it was extremely likely much of the money for rent would go to waste, when Chen Guo thought about her contribution to the team, she still felt satisfied with the decision. As for money, Chen Guo didn’t place too much value on it. If everything was prepared well, recruits would be more willing to join. If she had to hurry and make emergency arrangements, wouldn’t that be too abnormal? Thinking about it this way, Chen Guo felt like the money spent was well worth it.

Meanwhile, as soon as Ye Xiu got the nod, he contacted Wei Chen.

“Oh? So it’s like that? It’s not too inconvenient for me, but I have a bunch of brothers that I usually hang out with too.” Wei Chen was a bit hesitant, but he was just a bit regretful. He clearly knew that if they were going to create a team, everyone would need to be together in one place. No matter how much he loved his friends, he couldn’t demand that his friends come to the pro scene with him.

“Okay. I’ll make some arrangements and I’ll be over there soon.” Wei Chen was a decisive person and quickly gave his answer.

‘Okay, I’ll be waiting.” Ye Xiu didn’t say anymore.

Over the next few days, Ye Xiu didn’t use his Unrivaled Super Hottie account. Instead, he used Lord Grim and continued to level. With Unrivaled Super Hottie gone, Jiang You, as well as the other core members of Tyrannical Ambition, knew why, but the other normal players didn’t know the reason. The players of all the branch guilds were still waiting for the incredible tank to help them pass through any difficulties in their way, but suddenly, he vanished. Many of their players were very upset.

However, this was a game. If someone suddenly disappeared, it wasn’t too weird. Unrivaled Super Hottie was only deeply missed because of the abnormal amount of attention they had placed onto him. After being gone for a few days, everyone slowly forgot about his existence.

Ye Xiu’s leveling with Lord Grim was going smoothly. Apart from the loads of experience from dungeons, he didn’t need to worry about the big guilds bothering him anymore. Even though it had been a good while since Lord Grim had entered the Heavenly Domain, Ye Xiu had no idea what policies the big guilds had towards him. In short, he would do what he could to defend himself. Dungeons were naturally safe places for him to be. As long as he went into one, he wouldn’t need to be afraid of anyone bothering him.

The number of Heavenly Domain dungeons were as numerous as there were hairs on cows. If the dungeons were as numerous as cow hairs, dungeon entrances were even more numerous. Guarding the dungeon entrances and waiting for him to come like they could in the normal servers was impossible here. Ye Xiu cleared dungeons all day and Lord Grim’s experience shot up.

His leveling speed was even faster than it had been in the normal servers. The rewards in the Heavenly Domain were far greater than they were in the normal server. This was the same for experience and money.

However, his Level 50-55 leveling had been too bumpy of a journey. Ye Xiu’s fast leveling these past few days wasn’t even close to catching up to the highest leveled players in the tenth server, who were already Level 67 and pushing for Level 70. Players like Tang Rou’s Soft Mist used to be among the highest leveled players in the server, but after some time, they had been slowly tossed behind. After all, they couldn’t level their characters 24/7 like guilds characters could. This time advantage couldn’t be made up for by Tang Rou’s advantage in player skill.

None of this mattered though. After Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim entered the Heavenly Domain, their battle had shifted. In the normal servers, even though there were valuable resources to be competed for, in the Heavenly Domain, normal server items became cheaper. It wasn’t worth spending most of his effort on the tenth server. What’s more, their strength hadn’t really come together yet. With limited resources, it would be better to place more importance on the Heavenly Domain. Even if they had to trade the items that they earned for items from normal servers, it would still be worth it.

As for what to compete for? Currently, Ye Xiu needed to complete his Thousand Chance Umbrella and Wei Chen’s Death Hand. With a goal, the two knew what needed to be done.

If they could get anything else along the way, they would take it. After all, relying on two Silver weapons to strike the heavens down wasn’t realistic. Their other equipment would need to be complete too. The other members of the team would need suitable equipment too. There was no such thing as having too many materials. If they weren’t useful, they could be traded for money.

Ye Xiu was just leveling these past few days, so he didn’t have much else to do. As for Wei Chen, after making arrangements to come over, he continued to swim around in Samsara.

His journey to the top of the guild was essentially the same as Ye Xiu’s Unrivaled Super Hottie. However, he wasn’t as dramatic as Unrivaled Super Hottie, who rose all the way up in just a few days. During the two weeks that Unrivaled Super Hottie shone his way up in Tyrannical Ambition, he slowly worked his way up in Samsara from a newly joined member to an elite.

After all, his skill level was there. The big guilds wouldn’t ignore such a talent. However, even though he was an elite, he was still far away from being a core member.

It was similar to Unrivaled Super Hottie’s situation in Tyrannical Ambition. Even if Jiang You hadn’t seen through Ye Xiu’s identity, someone who had only just joined could only do hard work at first. To become a core member of the guild, skill wasn’t important. Trust was.

This was the hardest part about being a spy. If all you need was skill to become a core member, then the guilds would just send one of their experts to immediately become a spy. Speaking of which, it wasn’t the first time guilds had exploited experts like Unrivaled Super Hottie. Many spies that had been compromised were intentionally ignored by the guild and used as hard labor instead. The spies didn’t know that they had been caught and were doing their best to win the favor of the guild. Their skill was good, so they were very confident. When the crucial moment came and the spy was misinformed, nothing could be more tragic for that spy then.

Wei Chen had played Glory for so many years. There was nothing that he didn’t know about. During his time in Samsara, he showed his skill, but he didn’t dare to be too outstanding. If anyone showed ridiculous skill like Unrivaled Super Hottie did, with the current situation in the Heavenly Domain, there was only one label that could be put on him: Ye Qiu.

As a result, Wei Chen had counted the many times that Ye Xiu had failed to be a spy. His commotion made everyone’s work that much harder.

However, with Wei Chen’s ability, he just needed to casually play and he had more than enough skill to stand out among other players. With too much skill, he would be suspicious, but he would also gain a lot of attention. It was a double-edged sword. If he didn’t rely on displaying his skill, then it would take too long to climb up the guild’s ladder. Other spies had the time, but he and Ye Xiu didn’t. Thus, Wei Chen went around brandishing his double-edged sword.

At the fight for the North Bridge Mage, Wei Chen was amongst the Samsara’s elite troops. He wasn’t a core member of Samsara, but his current status was already enough for Ye Xiu’s purposes. Maybe Samsara was still suspicious of Wei Chen’s identity and was using him as a helper for now, but it didn’t matter to him.

Because in terms of power, their guild couldn’t compare to the club guilds. The various club guilds need to receive information multiple times to confirm it, but for Ye Xiu and the others, this was too much work. If they could directly participate in these battles, it was equivalent to knowing the situation.

If not, with just Ye Xiu and the others alone, how could they find wild bosses that randomly spawned every week?

“I’ll come over tomorrow. Send me the address.” At 8:00 PM on April 1, Wei Chen suddenly messaged Ye Xiu over QQ.

Fifteen minutes later, Steamed Bun Invasion’s steamed bun icon suddenly up: “Senior! I bought my ticket. I’m on the train. I’ll be there soon!”

“Steamed Bun, you’ve used the same ticket for the past few days?” Ye Xiu asked.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 607: A Special Day
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

The successive messages from Wei Chen and Steamed Bun Invasion, along with the fact that it was April 1st, made Ye Xiu very suspicious, but then again, Wei Chen had asked for the address, so he himself could come over. It didn’t seem like an April Fool’s joke. Could he be thinking that they were going to host a huge welcome celebration for him and it would be funny if he didn’t show up? Even though Wei Chen was very shameless, he wasn’t stupid.

Ye Xiu was more doubtful about Steamed Bun Invasion though. This guy immediately decided to go buy a ticket over here. Then, he suddenly told him that he was on the train today. The several day gap didn’t conform with common sense. However, this was Steamed Bun Invasion! He wasn’t a normal person. Using common sense to figure him out would be a mistake. As a result, Ye Xiu asked Steamed Bun Invasion what he had been doing these past few days.

“Sigh. Nothing I could do.” Steamed Bun Invasion replied quickly. QQ indicated that Steamed Bun Invasion was using the app on his cellphone. Typing on the phone limited his typing speed.

“I bought the ticket that very day, but when my friends heard I was going to become a pro player, they wanted to give me a goodbye party. Today, we’ll party. Tomorrow, we’ll party. The next day, we’ll party. We partied for several days. I had to keep on changing my tickets until today.” Steamed Bun Invasion explained.

“Wow, I’m sorry for troubling you……” Ye Xiu said.

“It’s okay. I’ll be there soon! Senior, where am I headed?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked.

Ye Xiu saw that Steamed Bun was asking him for directions. It didn’t seem like an April Fool’s joke, so he gave him his address, just like he did for Wei Chen.

‘Can you find it?” Ye Xiu sent the address over to Steamed Bun Invasion and asked.

“Relax!” Steamed Bun Invasion was very confident.

“If you can’t find it, just give me a call.” Ye Xiu gave Chen Guo’s cellphone number to Steamed Bun Invasion.

“I think the probability of me using this phone number will definitely be zero.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.

“I hope so!” Ye Xiu said.

After giving the two people the address, Ye Xiu went to find Chen Guo and told her the news, but Chen Guo looked at him warily. After starting at Ye Xiu for several seconds, she finally asked: “Are you serious?”

Ye Xiu was helpless. It was a special day after all. You always had to be cautious. Ye Xiu put on his serious face and said: “I’m serious. Think of it this way, today is April Fool’s Day, but wouldn’t using this sort of joke be too lame?”

Chen Guo listened, but didn’t let her guard down. She actually became even more wary and nervously asked: “Then what do you plan on doing?”

“How old am I? Do you think I have something planned?” Ye Xiu looked at her in disdain and left.

Speaking of which, Chen Guo wasn’t usually afraid of April Fool’s Day. In the morning, Tang Rou and several other employees had pulled a small prank on her. Most people wouldn’t be too excessive with it. However, the God in her Internet Cafe could summon storms in game. Chen Guo was actually quite afraid of what type of shameless prank he might play on her. Seeing Ye Xiu look at her with disdain and walk away, Chen Guo wasn’t angry. She actually felt quite relieved.

The rest of the day went on like normal. It was just April Fool’s Day. It wasn’t a holiday or anything. Glory didn’t prepare anything special for today either. However, in the competitive scene, today was a competition day and April was an important period for the pros.

The Professional Alliance usually held competitive matches every week. If there were any big holidays or other special occasions on those days, the schedule would be adjusted accordingly. The season usually started in the middle of August and ended on the first third of May the next year. The middle third of May would be the playoffs, where the top eight teams would enter an elimination style tournament until the champion was crowned.

April meant that the season was coming to an end. Teams with outstanding records or extremely terrible records might already know their general placings.

For example, in this eighth season, April 1st was a Saturday, a match day. April had five Saturdays and May had two Saturdays for a total of seven match days until the season ended. This was a few days more than other seasons. Usually, when April came, there would only be five or six match days left.

At this point, the placements of a few teams were already determined. For example, Blue Rain, Samsara, Tiny Herb, Tyranny were way ahead of the rest. They had already been guaranteed a spot in the playoffs. The remaining seven matches would determine their seedings. Currently, after the All Star Weekend, Samsara had shot past Tiny Herb and grasped the number two spot. These seven matches would be a competition between Samsara and Blue Rain to see who would take first in the regular season. Unfortunately, none of the remaining matches matched Samsara and Blue Rain in a direct confrontation.

This situation put less pressure on the teams, but the Alliance didn’t like it too much. In Glory, they often called these situations “Killer Matches”.

In these remaining seven matches, these four teams wouldn’t care as much because they had already locked in their playoff spots, so there would usually be less highlights in these matches. In addition to that, these four teams were without a doubt some of the most popular teams in the Alliance. If their matches were less suspenseful, the number of viewers would drastically decrease.

At this stage, the media stopped placing importance on these popular teams and spent more time reporting the other teams fighting for the remaining four playoff spots.

Misty Rain, Void, Wind Howl, 301, Thunderclap, Hundred Blossoms, and Royal Style.

These seven teams were currently the focal point of the media and the only teams with the possibility of grabbing a playoff spot.

Misty Rain and Void had steady positions and led the pack. Wind Howl and 301 were under a lot of pressure. If the three teams behind them wanted to move up, the three teams would need to step over their corpses. Team Thunderclap was currently in ninth place, just outside the top eight. However, their seven remaining matches were against easy teams, so their chances of making it into the playoffs were highly likely.

Before Zhang Jiale’s retirement, let alone the playoffs, Team Hundred Blossoms were frequently in the finals. However, this season, their team had been thrown into disorder and their record wasn’t very stable. They kept on bouncing back and forth between the door to the playoffs. It was very likely that they wouldn’t be able to make it into the playoffs, making the fans very nervous.

Team Royal Style was in the worst spot of these seven teams. Not only was it in last compared to the rest of the seven teams, the next few matches for them wouldn’t be easy. However, since the top four teams had guaranteed their spot in the playoffs, it might not be so bad. The next matches would be difficult because Team Royal Style needed to face all of the top four teams, but since the top four had guaranteed their spot, they would be much more relaxed in their matches and Royal Style might be able to pull off a win against them.

The probability of which of the seven teams would earn a playoff spot had been analyzed by all sorts of professionals and fans, but because today was a special day, the headlines weren’t about these seven teams.

The headline: Excellent Era is out! Is this an April Fool’s Day joke??

Correct, Excellent Era continued to perform poorly. After the All Star Weekend, they had returned back to the brink of relegations. They were only one point higher than the second to last place team.

One point!

It was very likely that after today’s match, Team Excellent Era would drop into the relegation zone. And with their current morale, if they dropped, whether they would actually be able to come back was a very big issue.

The media and fans had criticized Team Excellent Era for over a month now. Team Excellent Era kept on expressing their stance on their record, but nothing worked. Their placing kept on dropping. They would occasionally show moments of brilliance in the individual and group arena competitions, but over the past three months, Excellent Era had yet to win a single team competition.

The fans couldn’t help but think of the team’s glorious moments in the past and they kept on bringing up the retired team captain Ye Qiu. If Ye Qiu were still there, the team would still be such and such. This type of question would often come up in these sorts of moments. Many people happily forgot that Ye Qiu had led the team and they weren’t performing well either. These were the same people that had criticized him then.

Team Excellent Era’s match had become a focal point in the competition too. As a result, like before, Chen Guo didn’t avoid playing Excellent Era’s matches when they were a highlight of the day. Tonight, Happy Internet Cafe had arranged to broadcast Excellent Era’s match.

After a period of time, Happy Internet Cafe had gotten used to not playing Excellent Era’s matches every time. Gradually, the weekend broadcasts became popular again.

City H had many Excellent Era fans, but that didn’t mean everybody was one. Even the area near Club Excellent Era wouldn’t only have Excellent Era fans.

Happy Internet Cafe’s broadcasts suited the appetites of fans, who supported other teams or only wanted to watch the big branded teams play, so these fans happily came over on the weekends to watch. However, without everyone supporting the same team, the atmosphere wasn’t as passionate as before.

Even so, for those who had never seen this type of Internet Cafe before, it was still quite impressive.

“What’s going on? Are people protesting?”

A person stood at the entrance of Happy Internet Cafe. Half his face was covered by his long hair. The other half of his face showed his youthfulness. At this moment, he was holding onto his cellphone. He looked at Happy Internet Cafe very seriously before walking in. The huge crowd of people inside made him very surprised.

However, he didn’t show any fear towards the crowd. He calmly walked towards the front desk and flipped his long hair aside. He was just about to say something, when he suddenly stopped. He took out his cellphone, while calling out to the sister in charge of the cash register: “Hold on. I forgot the word.”

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 608: An Unimaginable Matter
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

While the girl working the cashier looked at him in confusion, the long-haired youth glanced at his phone and repeatedly said “oh oh oh”. Then, he lifted his head and asked with a grin: “Chen Guo?”

“Steamed Bun!” Someone called out from near the register. Ye Xiu and Chen Guo were standing there! When the Internet Cafe broadcasted a popular match, the two wouldn’t go to the front and steal a good seat from a customer. They usually sat far away and watched from the cash register.

“Yes?” This youth responded and turned his head around. He saw a male and a female nearby, smiling at him.

“Lord Grim, Chasing Haze.” Ye Xiu took out his account ID and introduced himself and Chen Guo.

“Oh oh, I’m Steamed Bun Invasion. I’m here!” Steamed Bun Invasion said.

“I can see that.” Ye Xiu laughed.

“What’s going on? Is someone making a ruckus? I’ll help you out!!” Steamed Bun Invasion wasn’t shy with strangers and quickly blended in as a Happy Internet Cafe employee. He had already begun rolling up his sleeves.

“No no, a match is being broadcast!” Chen Guo hastily stopped him. She was afraid Steamed Bun Invasion would start pulling a mob.

“Match? There usually aren’t any matches at this time! La Liga or Serie A?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked in wonder.

“It’s a Glory Alliance match...” Chen Guo said.

“Glory Alliance match….. Oh oh!” Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly understood what was going on and then said seriously: “You’re right. We’re going to be entering the Professional Alliance, so we have to watch more competitive matches in order to understand our opponents. Who will we be watching today?”

Right when he said this, the broadcast host began speaking. The most important match today, between Team Excellent Era and Team Void, was about to begin.

“Oh, Excellent Era, Void. These two teams. We have to watch them carefully.” Steamed Bun Invasion said seriously.

“Then let’s watch……” Ye Xiu said.

“Of course!” Steamed Bun Invasion turned his head, maintaining his pose as a cash register. His eyes began focusing on the match.

“I’m 100% certain that this person is Steamed Bun Invasion.” Chen Guo whispered to Ye Xiu.

“In any case, he’s definitely not Old Wei.” Ye Xiu said.

“Why?” Chen Guo asked.

Ye Xiu turned his head: “I’d recognize Old Wei.”

“Oh……” Chen Guo had to admit that she had asked a very stupid question.

The match soon began. Because it was an Excellent Era match, there were many Excellent Era fans squeezed into the Internet Cafe today. As soon as it started, there were lots of cheering and sounds of worry. Right now, the fans were very concerned with the team’s current situation.

“Huh! It seems like there’s a lot of support for Excellent Era? Team Void shouldn’t have any less fans than them!” Steamed Bun Invasion watched the match, but commentated on the Internet Cafe’s audience. He didn’t hear any Void fans competing against Excellent Era fans like he had expected. The noise from the Excellent Era fans covered up everything.

“Void has no energy! It looks to me like they’ll be losing tonight!” Steamed Bun Invasion came to this conclusion.

“Let’s watch the match, Steamed Bun……” Ye Xiu said.

“Roger that!” Steamed Bun Invasion respected Ye Xiu’s wishes and continued to pay attention to the match.

As the match progressed, more and more angry shouts were coming from the Excellent Era fans. The three Excellent Era players who came out to compete for the individual competition lost all three rounds, making the Excellent Era fans in Happy Internet Cafe very upset. Even Steamed Bun Invasion saw the result and whispered with wide eyes: “No way! How could it be like this?” It seemed like he had been very confident in his previous prediction.

Amidst the cursing, the group arena competition began. There were many twists and turns, causing everyone to be on edge, but in the end, Excellent Era managed to win the group arena and earned two points. The Excellent Era fans relaxed a bit and began nervously paying attention to the most important team competition.

“What’s your predictions?” Chen Guo liked to listen to Ye Xiu’s predictions of every match. Even though he didn’t predict every single match’s outcome correctly, his analysis was very knowledgeable. Chen Guo felt that her skill in Glory wouldn’t improve much from his analysis in terms of mechanical skill, but her theoretical knowledge improved greatly. Now, she was gradually learning and sometimes even looked down on the comments made by the commentator and analyst.

“It’s obvious.” Ye Xiu shook his head. He expression didn’t look too good.

“Excellent Era will lose?” Chen Guo saw the look on Ye Xiu’s face and stopped herself from stealing a laugh. Right now, she hoped Excellent Era would fail. However, seeing Ye Xiu’s mood, it wouldn’t be good to be too excessive. She could empathize with Ye Xiu’s feelings towards the team. As a result, at this moment, in order to hold back her laugh, she thought about Su Mucheng and how she would also fail alongside the team. By doing this, she wouldn’t say anything out loud about Excellent Era’s misfortune.

“Excellent Era is a disaster right now.” Ye Xiu said.

“The outside world is analyzing the reasons, but I think it’s mainly because of that one time.” Chen Guo said. When she said “that one time”, she was referring to when Excellent Era sent out their starting lineup into the game only to end up being smashed by Ye Xiu and a group of players. From then on, Team Excellent Era’s playing only got worse and worse.

“It’s not only because of that time. The current Excellent Era has too many holes. No one in the team cares enough to try and fix them.” Ye Xiu said.

“How terrible! It’s such a waste for Mumu to continue being on that team. Is there any way to get her to leave early?” Chen Guo suggested. If Su Mucheng was no longer a part of the team, she could be at ease cursing Excellent Era to death.

But Ye Xiu didn’t reply to her question: “If this continues, Excellent Era might even get relegated this season.”

“Really? Wouldn’t that be tragic for Mumu?”

“Another thing. If Excellent Era is relegated, then they will be our opponents in the Challenger League. With Excellent Era participating in the Challenger League, things will be very difficult!” Ye Xiu said.

“Ah…….” Chen Guo didn’t think about this point. Now that Ye Xiu mentioned it, she suddenly understood. Don’t look at how terribly Excellent Era was doing this season. They still had the Battle God One Autumn Leaf and Sun Xiang. Their recognition wasn’t without a reason. If they didn’t have this sort of strong foundation, Excellent Era’s relegation would never have been reported as an April Fool’s joke. Clearly, such a strong team like Excellent Era being relegated was something unimaginable by fans and the media alike.

However, nothing in this world is absolute. This unimaginable occurrence was happening right now.

The team competition soon began. Even Chen Guo shook her head upon seeing the confrontation between the two sides. Excellent Era tried to coordinate, but their coordination was too mechanical. They didn’t seem to make any adjustments according to their opponent’s moves. It was as if they were following a script, executing it one line at a time.

Every single player executed their lines perfectly, but the problem was that their opponents weren’t blocks of wood. As soon as Void made adjustments, Excellent Era’s moves clearly stopped being effective. Soon afterwards, Void’s Ghostblade duo, Li Xuan and Wu Yuce, showed their might and completely gained control of the battle. Excellent Era quickly fell into a losing battle. Even the analyst and commentator could point out all of Excellent Era’s issues.

The team members of Excellent Era were losing so badly, they no longer had any confidence left. They knew that they needed to make adjustments according to the situation, but none of them dared to make them. All of them were afraid of being the ones to blame if they lost the match. As a result, they simply followed the tactical guidelines word for word.

It could be said that Excellent Era’s team was following the guidelines too well. This was a PvP competitive match. Following each step precisely was what players did in PvE situations. If they took that to a pro match, how could they not lose?

When the match between Team Excellent Era and Team Void finished, several other matches had finished as well. Among these was Team Bright Green, which had only been one point lower than Excellent Era. All of the fans checked the points tally. Fortunately, Team Bright Green gave them a thread of consolation because Team Bright Green also performed extremely poorly. Just like Team Excellent Era, they had only received 2 points. Team Excellent Era still had a one point advantage.

The teams already in the relegation zone wasn’t having it easy either. They were in just as tragic a position as Team Excellent Era. Speaking of which, even though Excellent Era had recently been declining, from the recent points earned, they couldn’t compare to Bright Green. Even so, the majority of people still favored Excellent Era.

After all, Excellent Era still had their resources. Their team’s strength was still there. As for Bright Green? Their team’s strength and record were their real strength. Bright Green couldn’t be used as an April Fool’s joke like Excellent Era could.

When the match ended, the Excellent Era fans were already numb to Team Excellent Era’s disastrous results. They didn’t curse or shout angrily. All of them felt dispirited as if their spirits had floated away.

“To think Excellent Era would actually lose so badly. It was totally contrary to my expectations. Tsk tsk tsk.” Steamed Bun Invasion sighed. He still believed the louder voice would have win. As for actual analysis of the match, he couldn’t compare to Chen Guo.

“Okay, stop reflecting on it.” Ye Xiu patted him on the back and turned his head towards Chen Guo: “Let’s get a late-night snack as a welcome gift for Steamed Bun.”

“Sure.” Chen Guo nodded his head and called over Tang Rou.

“Hi, Steamed Bun!” Tang Rou hadn’t squeezed into the crowd to watch the match. Only now did she come down. After hearing that Steamed Bun Invasion had arrived, she also ran over to call out to him.

“Soft Mist.” Ye Xiu introduced her by her game ID.

“Ah! It’s you! Amazing! You’re fierce in game and you look fierce too.” Steamed Bun Invasion was deeply moved.

“You look fierce….. Is that a compliment?” Tang Rou smiled.

“Of course of course.” Steamed Bun Invasion nodded his head.

“Okay, let’s go!” Chen Guo raised her boss voice and left the Internet Cafe together with them. After that, she took them to a place. Ye Xiu looked and sighed. He was also familiar with this place! When he was still in Excellent Era, he had been here many times to grab a late-night snack. However, at that time, the people he usually ate with…...

Hm?

Ye Xiu walked in, while looking back on his memories. Suddenly, he saw the person whom he had just been thinking about. He was sitting in his usual spot too.

Excellent Era’s boss, Tao Xuan.

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 609: Unexpectedly Here
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Tao Xuan wasn’t the only person sitting here. Next to him was Club Excellent Era’s director, Cui Li.

These two people were, without a doubt, the two top executives of Club Excellent Era. For them to show up together here was already very surprising to Ye Xiu because today was Team Excellent Era’s away match. Moreover, this match would decide whether or not Team Excellent Era would drop into relegations. However, these two executives apparently didn’t go to support their team. Not long after the match ended, they came over here for a late night snack. It was very unusual.

Cui Li was sitting, facing the entrance. After seeing Ye Xiu, he signalled in front of him. Tao Xuan turned around and the two looked at Ye Xiu.

“What a coincidence! To think that we would bump into each other here.” Ye Xiu greeted.

Chen Guo was still choosing a seat and hadn’t been paying attention to her surroundings. When she heard Ye Xiu say something, she turned her gaze over and saw the two sitting there. She quickly recognized them. Cui Li frequently showed up in the news and Tao Xuan had personally come to visit the Internet Cafe.

“Ah!” Chen Guo suddenly felt the atmosphere become awkward, but after examining them for awhile, she realized none of them felt awkward at all. The three guys were acting very comfortable, as if this wasn’t an uncomfortable situation. Seeing their friendly smiles, the scene looked more like friends unexpectedly bumping into each other. It definitely didn’t look like there were any existing conflict between the three.

Chen Guo deeply felt like she had said enough. The other side also had people who could talk. Cui Li replied to Ye Xiu: “Yeah, what a coincidence!”

“I won’t keep bothering you guys then.” Ye Xiu clearly didn’t plan on conversing with the other side too much.

However, Cui Li was very interested in their group. He laughed: “You’re not bothering us at all. Are these fellows with you your future team members? How about introducing them to us? In the future, we’ll certainly be interacting with each other anyways.”

Chen Guo was the boss of an Internet Cafe and she often made deals with people. She immediately heard the deeper intent in Cui Li’s words. Right when she was about to reply, Steamed Bun Invasion actually responded faster than her. He jumped out and said: “Ah! So you’re also someone in this profession? How lucky! This little bro is Steamed Bun Invasion. My friends call me Steamed Bun. What’s your name?”

“Ha ha.” Cui Li smiled: “Cui Li, Club Excellent Era’s director. Some might call me a leader. This is our boss.”

“Oh oh oh oh!” Steamed Bun Invasion repeated “Oh” four times and then asked: “What’s that?”

“HA HA HA HA!!” Chen Guo laughed so hard that one of the waiters was startled. Tang Rou could control herself, but she was clearly having a hard time holding herself back. Only when Ye Xiu explained to Steamed Bun Invasion in a serious tone did he understand: “The director is someone who manages the Club in most situations. The boss is the owner of everything in the Club. He manages the Club behind the scenes.”

“Oh oh, very senior?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked.

“Of course. They’re much more senior than us.” Ye Xiu said.

“Age?” Steamed Bun Invasion looked at the two of them and asked.

“You were asking about their age?” Ye Xiu had a hard time following Steamed Bun Invasion’s thought process.

“Pretty much!” Steamed Bun Invasion said.

As for what this “Pretty much!” meant, even Ye Xiu had trouble understanding. However, one of Ye Xiu’s strengths was that he didn’t care much for what you meant. I’ll say what I want according to what I understand, so he continued: “If you’re talking about age, they’re both older than us.”

“Amazing!” Steamed Bun Invasion praised. His comment was another mystery within a mystery. From what it looked like, he was praising how old they were? But why was being old something so amazing?

Cui Li’s expression continued to appear calm, but he was feeling very embarrassed. He definitely didn’t believe that the person in front of him was showing his true character. He felt like Ye Xiu must have set this up beforehand in order to ridicule them. It couldn’t be said that Cui Li was a petty person. Steamed Bun Invasion’s brain wasn’t something most people could understand regardless. Cui Li thinking in this way meant he was still a normal person.

But Steamed Bun Invasion wasn’t thinking about this at all. He sincerely patted the shoulders of the director: “We’re all on the same side. Let’s take care of each other!”

His words said one thing, but from his actions, it sounded like he would be looking after them and not the other way around. This time, Chen Guo didn’t laugh. She pulled at Steamed Bun Invasion: “Who’s following who? How are we on the same side?”

“Aren’t we all from the same circle?” Steamed Bun Invasion said, “Right. What team did they say they were from?”

“Excellent Era!” Cui Li was clearly angry as he repeated it again. His face clearly said: “Keep pretending! You just keep on pretending!”

But Steamed Bun Invasion immediately understood: “Excellent Era! Isn’t that that team, the one that lost really badly on TV just now?”

“.....” Cui Li.

“Yes.” Chen Guo nodded her head.

“Ah!” Steamed Bun Invasion looked at Cui Li with pity. He said in grief: “They shouldn’t have lost!”

“.......” This time, Cui Li didn’t answer him. He was afraid this was another trap. If he followed up, the other side would mock him. In his eyes, this guy named Steamed Bun was very terrifying.

“Steamed Bun, come sit over here!” At this moment, Ye Xiu had found seats and was already sitting together with Tang Rou. He called Steamed Bun Invasion over to sit with them.

Steamed Bun Invasion turned to look and felt that there was a lot of space near his seat, so he asked Cui Li and Tao Xuan: “Would you like to sit with us?”

“Ha ha, no need……” Cui Li’s smile looked very unnatural.

“If you lost, you lost. There’s no need to feel so bad.” Steamed Bun Invasion consoled them, “As long as you try hard, you’ll definitely have a future.”

What the f*ck are you talking about!! Cui Li was about to slam the table, but he saw Tao Xuan give him an eye, so he didn’t make any rash moves. He didn’t want to talk to Steamed Bun Invasion any longer, so he didn’t answer back.

Steamed Bun Invasion saw that they were ignoring him, so he ran off to sit together with Ye Xiu and the rest of the group.

“Amazing!” Tang Rou gave Steamed Bun Invasion a big thumbs up.

“Of course.” Steamed Bun Invasion said with excitement, but did he actually know what Tang Rou was praising him for?

“Bao Rongxing. Is that your real name?” Chen Guo asked.

“Yeah yeah! How did you know?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked excitedly.

“I was listening when you introduced yourself earlier.” Chen Guo tried hard to get used to talking with Steamed Bun Invasion.

“Yup yup, that’s my name! We’re all so familiar with each other, so you can just call me Steamed Bun.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.

“Okay, let’s order some food!” Chen Guo nodded her head. On the other side, Tao Xuan and Cui Li had already gotten up. They looked like they were about to leave.

“Enjoy yourself. We’ll be leaving.” Right when they were about to leave, Tao Xuan came over and said bye to the four of them. His tone of voice didn’t sound polite at all. In fact, it sounded very cold.

“Have a safe trip home! When you go back, work hard! You can do it!” Steamed Bun Invasion didn’t seem to notice. He didn’t say bye. Instead, he cheered them on. Chen Guo nearly burst out laughing again.

Soon afterwards, their food arrived. The four of them ate, while chatting with each other. They didn’t talk about anything serious until Chen Guo suddenly had a realization: “Hm? Today was an away match for Excellent Era. They didn’t go with their team?”

“Yeah!” Ye Xiu nodded his head.

Even though Chen Guo figured it out a bit slower, she also noticed this issue.

Excellent Era was doing terribly, but the two executives of the Club didn’t seem worried at all. Even for such an important match like today, they didn’t go with their team. If it wasn’t because of absolute confidence in the team, it must mean that they didn’t care about how Excellent Era did this season.

With Excellent Era’s terrible performances recently, they shouldn’t be very confident in the team, which meant that these two executives of Excellent Era didn’t have any hopes for this season, but no matter the case, if they get relegated, even if they returned the next year, without a year of fighting in the Professional League, the financial losses would be huge. It didn’t make sense for them not to care about relegations, no?

Chen Guo spoke her thoughts as she analyzed these issues. Ye Xiu listened and also nodded his head.

“Do you think that maybe after knowing you’re forming a team and preparing to go through the Challenger League, they’re losing intentionally to fight against you there?” Chen Guo suddenly said.

“I don’t think they’d go that far. Why would they care so much about me?” Ye Xiu laughed. If that was truly the reason, then they would letting their emotions affect their decisions. Tao Xuan had run the Club and taken care of the team for so many years. He had become an experienced boss long ago. How could he make such a decision just for such a simple reason? Ye Xiu clearly didn’t believe it.

“In any case, next season, Excellent Era will definitely be making big moves.” Ye Xiu said.

“What do you mean?” Chen Guo asked.

“They’re already at such a state this season. If they don’t make any big moves next season, won’t Excellent Era go out of business?” Ye Xiu said.

“Then why don’t they hurry up and make any movements now?” Chen Guo asked.

“It’s probably because they can’t do anything right now with their current situation!” Ye Xiu said as he looked at the seats, where the two had sat in before.

Club Excellent Era. After Tao Xuan and Cui Li returned, they went into Tao Xuan’s office. Tao Xuan picked out a random bottle of wine from his wine rack and poured out two cups. One for him and one for Cui Li.

Cui Li took it and sipped on it. He spoke: “Do you think that guy is actually stupid or acting stupid?”

Tao Xuan sat in his big chair and stared at the ceiling. After a moment, he said: “I don’t know.”

“Where did Ye Xiu get this guy?” Cui Li said.

“He doesn’t matter. How are your discussions going? You didn’t get a chance to finish talking about it back there.” Tao Xuan said.

“Everything is going smoothly.” Cui Li had a big smile on his face.

“Have you explained what might happen?” Tao Xuan asked.

“I’ve explained it all clearly.”

“Good.” Tao Xuan nodded his head.

“What next?” Cui Li asked Tao Xuan.

“Don’t have Sun Xiang come out on stage for now.” Tao Xuan said.

“Okay.” Cui Li didn’t seem surprised either. They had clearly talked about this arrangement before. He let out a slight expression of hesitation, but it was because of another reason: “We might really encounter Ye Qiu’s team in the revival tournament.”

“That’s good too!” Tao Xuan smiled, “It’ll be more fun that way!”

Rate Translation Quality
 
Chapter 610: Wei Chen Arrives
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

During this April Fool’s Day match, even though Excellent Era didn’t perform exceptionally well, their competitor had performed just as badly. Thus, that day’s featured event passed by without any commotion. Who would have thought that the next day, Club Excellent Era would hold a press conference and throw down a huge bomb.

In the press conference, Club Excellent Era’s director, Cui Li, announced: “The recent addition to the team, Sun Xiang, will not be participating in the remainder of the matches this season due to health reasons.”

When Cui Li answered the questions of the reporters, he answered in a very remorseful way. They had noticed Sun Xiang’s poor health a long time ago, but because of Team Excellent Era’s current predicament, they had insisted that he participated in the matches, but now, it had reached a point where he had to stop.

After answering many questions regarding the details of Sun Xiang’s condition, Cui Li confidently expressed that despite missing their ace player and character, the team would try even harder for their remaining matches. At the same time, however, Cui Li had stated that the Club had already made mental preparations for the worst case scenario. If the worst case scenario occurred, the Club and the team would face it with a proactive approach.

Even though his statements seemed modest and tactful, as professionals, the experienced news reporters could hear what was going on under the surface. Excellent Era had made preparations if they were relegated. This meant that Excellent Era wasn’t confident that they would be able to maintain their current position in the rankings.

What had happened to Excellent Era for such a famous team to not even be confident that they could stay in the Alliance? On paper, Excellent Era shouldn’t have any such trouble maintaining their ranki in the Alliance even without an ace player like Sun Xiang or a God’s character like One Autumn Leaf. However, Excellent Era seemed to already be prepared for such a situation.

“Is Excellent Era really planning on giving up this season and returning through the Challenger League next season?” Seeing the news, Chen Guo asked Ye Xiu in disbelief. They had discussed this possibility just last night.

“I don’t think they’d go that far, but it seems like the team really is a mess.” Ye Xiu sighed.

“Excellent Era is going to be finished?” Chen Guo had a hard time believing it.

Ye Xiu could only shake his head and didn’t comment.

“Wow! Wow!! WOW!!!!”

A string of repeated cries interrupted their conversation. Bao Rongxing also known as Steamed Bun Invasion had been brought over to the team’s living quarters after grabbing their late night snacks. That place had been just been given to Chen Guo on April 1st, so she didn’t have much time to tidy up the place. However, the wide and spacious living area was enough to make Bao Rongxing cry out in amazement.

After resting for the night, it was only until that morning that were they able to finish tidying up the place. At this moment, Bao Rongxing had arrived at Happy Internet Cafe. Last night, it had been too dark to see much and there had also been a huge crowd because of the match broadcast, so he didn’t get to have a good look at the Internet Cafe. Now that he had come again, he checked out the whole building from top to bottom. Just like last night, he was crying out in awe all over the place.

His cries clearly made Chen Guo very satisfied. She happily looked at Bao Rongxing, who was currently running down the stairs.

“What a big Internet Cafe!!” After Bao Rongxing had said enough wows, he exclaimed loudly in admiration. Once he gave this compliment, he didn’t forget to ask: “For such a big Internet Cafe, how many security guards do you have?”

“That……. There hasn’t been a need for any. The public security in this area is pretty good……” Chen Guo wasn’t sure how to answer his question. In any case, from what she remembered, she had never seen a situation where she had needed a professional security guard to take care of the matter. Even though there would occasionally be drunk customers or little thieves coming in, she didn’t see the need for a professional security guard.

“Public security…… not all problems can be solved by public security! How about you leave those matters to me?” Bao Rongxing confidently said.

‘I don’t mind.” Chen Guo laughed.

“Okay okay. Let me see! Can I move that table over there for me to sit at?” Bao Rongxing gestured at Happy Internet Cafe’s entrance. The table he was pointing at would block half the walkway.

“Uh…… I don’t think that’s necessary!” Chen Guo began to sweat.

“It’s necessary! It’s necessary! Only if we set it up this way will there not be any holes. If they want to run this way, the table will block them. If they run this way, I’ll give them a good punch and a kick. He won’t have anywhere to run!” Bao Rongxing explained his plan.

Chen Guo was starting to get anxious, but she didn’t know how to communicate with this guy. At the crucial moment, Ye Xiu stood forth: “Bao Rongxing, was this how you did things back at the Internet Cafe you were working at before?”

“Nope.” Bao Rongxing denied, “I would only come out when the boss called for me.”

“Then let’s do it that way too. If there are any problems, we’ll call for you to come out!” Ye Xiu said.

“I’m pretty used to doing it that way. I just don’t know if boss will think I’m dependable enough!” Bao Rongxing looked over at Chen Guo.

“Yes yes yes! You’re more than dependable enough! Here here here, you should spend most of your time on Glory! If something really does come up, I’ll definitely ask you to come out.” Chen Guo said.

“Okay!” Bao Rongxing replied with reluctance.

Afterwards, Bao Rongxing went to Room 213 on the second floor. Thinking about how more team members would eventually arrive, Chen Guo already knew that they would need a much larger practice room. Recently, she had already discussed with several people about remodeling the second floor. However, she hadn’t made any deals yet, so Room 213 would remain their practice room for now.

Bao Rongxing sat inside and once again praised the room. Chen Guo very much liked to hear these words and happily accepted them.

Then, they began to play Glory, but even though the four players were sitting close together, they were all very far in the game. Tang Rou and Bao Rongxing were still in the tenth server, but Tang Rou was a much higher level than Bao Rongxing, so they couldn’t play together right now.

Ye Xiu was in the Heavenly Domain and continued to level Lord Grim.

Chen Guo’s activities in the game were no longer just for fun. She rarely went on her main account. She usually used her alternate account to check on the guild storage and guild members. Apart from that, she frequently checked the forums for any news, trying to find movements of the going ons in the pro scene.

“Old Wei still isn’t here yet?” They had spent most of the morning tidying up the apartment, so Chen Guo told the Internet Cafe to be on the lookout, but when she returned, she didn’t hear about anyone looking for her.

“He said he’d come today.” Ye Xiu said.

“It’s already dark. He’s still not here?” Chen Guo muttered, when her QQ suddenly rang. When she checked it, the little sister at the cash register told her that someone was looking for her.

“Hm? Maybe it’s Old Wei.” Chen Guo said.

“Really?” Ye Xiu put down his game. Tang Rou knew that another member had arrived, so she also got up to meet him. As for Bao Rongxing, he didn’t know what was going on, but seeing that everyone else was getting up, he felt like something must have happened and they needed him, so he immediately followed after them.

Chen Guo led the way. She walked down the stairs and saw an unshaven fellow smoking up a cloud. He had two big bags beside him. His cigarette made the little sister at the cash register knit her brows, but held herself back from saying anything, knowing that this was this boss’ guest. This guy didn’t seem to notice at all. He just looked around carelessly until his gaze reached the stairs. When he saw Chen Guo, his eyes immediately lit up.

“Old Wei!”

At this moment, Chen Guo heard Ye Xiu call out. That guy had already started moving towards them. Chen Guo stepped to the side and let Ye Xiu stand in front. However, when that guy walked over to them, he didn’t shake Ye Xiu’s hand or anything. He immediately looked at Chen Guo and asked Ye Xiu: “Who’s this beauty?”

“She’s our boss.” Ye XIu introduced.

“Ah, it’s nice to meet you.” Wei Chen extended his hands out. He wanted Chen Guo to shake his hand.

Chen Guo instantly felt conflicted! Her initial impression of Wei Chen was nothing good. And seeing how his eyes lit up when he saw a beauty, her impression of him continued to drop. She really didn’t want to shake his hand, but thinking about how he would be a part of the team, as the boss, shouldn’t she show her goodwill? Helpless, she extended her right hand too. She had already come to a decision. If this guy didn’t let go of her hand to take advantage of her, she wouldn’t give him any face.

But Wei Chen just shook her hand a few times and said “Hi, I’m Wei Chen” and then let go, but afterwards, Chen Guo discovered that this guy’s gaze had landed on Tang Rou’s body. His eyes lit up and as soon as he let go of Chen Guo’s hands, his hands seemed to be impatiently heading towards Tang Rou’s hands. He asked: “And this is?”

“Tang Rou.” Ye Xiu used her real name. Tang Rou had never met Wei Chen in-game, so introducing her by her game ID would be confusing.

TL Note: Tang Rou’s game ID in Chinese is Han Yan Rou, which sounds like an actual name

“Good name. It’s nice to meet you.” Wei Chen immediately wanted to shake Tang Rou’s hands. Chen Guo wanted to see how Tang Rou would deal with him, but another hand went up to meet his: “Hi! I’m Bao Rongxing! Those who are familiar with me call me Steamed Bun.”

“Ah….. hi……” Wei Chen was surprised by the sudden interruption. Then, he looked at this guy with his long hair. After saying hi, he turned his head to Ye Xiu: “These are all the members you’ve found so far?”

“Yeah, even though they’re new to the game, they’re quite good.” Ye Xiu said.

“Oh, right! Did you see this?” Wei Chen suddenly seemed to have thought of something. He ran back to his bags and fished out a folded newspaper.

Ye Xiu looked. It was the evening paper in City H. Even though it wasn’t specifically for reporting on eSports, Excellent Era was a big Club in City H, so it gave a brief report on Excellent Era’s press conference in the sports section.

“Of course I’ve seen it.” Ye Xiu only glanced at it. He knew that Wei Chen was certainly referring to this news, so he stuffed it back into the bag.

“What is Excellent Era planning? It seems like they’re already prepared to get relegated? If they actually get relegated and participate in the Challenger League next season, wouldn’t they bump into us? That could be bad!” Wei Chen seriously said.

Chen Guo was surprised. Wei Chen’s previous glances at her and Tang Rou made her think that this person was very dirty, but in an instant, this guy had already begun discussing the biggest issue the team faced.

For these guys, Glory was the most important thing in their life!

Rate Translation Quality
 
 
Chapter 611: True Beginning
Translator: Nomyummi  Editor: GravityTales

Wei Chen didn’t even put his luggage away, nor did he ask where he would be staying. His attention towards the two beauties had also been just a small spark that flickered away almost instantly. With the quickest speed, he began discussing today’s news in Glory because this piece of news was related to their team entering the Professional Alliance. In an instant, Chen Guo couldn’t help but have a change of heart towards this vulgar male. No matter his personality, his passion towards Glory was something that any player would respect.

“What does Excellent Era have planned?” Wei Chen urgently asked Ye Xiu.

“How should I know?” Ye Xius aid.

“You sound too much like an outsider.” Wei Chen was astonished, “What are you? Excellent Era’s great……”

“Great what!” Ye Xiu interrupted Wei Chen and pulled him outside the Internet Cafe. It was very busy at the Internet Cafe right now. If Wei Chen shouted out Ye Xiu’s identity as a God, would he ever live a peaceful life again? Happy Internet Cafe would quickly become an Excellent Era heroic monument. Fans would come every day to see and pay their respects to him.

Wei Chen quickly realized why Ye Xiu had pulled him outside. He looked down on Ye Xiu: “You’re still acting like a hidden boss?”

“Don’t call me Ye Qiu! Call me Ye Xiu, got it?” Ye Xiu scolded.

“Wow, you actually have an alternate account!” Wei Chen gasped.

“Go go go. Let’s get you to the living arrangements and we’ll talk there.’ Ye Xiu said.

“Go where?” Wei Chen asked.

“To where you’ll be staying.” Ye Xiu said. The others helped Wei Chen carry his luggage and walked over to Forest Park.

As soon as they walked into the spacious living area, Wei Chen wasn’t as wowed as Steamed Bun had been. The expression on his face was very similar to Ye Xiu’s expression when he had heard that they would be living in such a place. Clearly, as some of the earliest players to enter the scene, he and Ye Xiu had experienced the difficulties during the beginning of the pro scene. Even though it couldn’t compare to a professional Club, these comfortable conditions were more than enough to make him feel happy, especially for Wei Chen. When he had been in the pro scene, he hadn’t lasted long enough to enjoy the benefits of the Professional Alliance’s rapid growth and the flourishing Clubs. Chen Guo providing this living condition had deeply touched Wei Chen.

“There are six bedrooms upstairs. If we can gather everyone on the team, it will be two person to a room. Sorry everyone.” Chen Guo said.

“For another God, it might be a bit pitiful for them, but not for us. We’ve braved and endured the hard times. These living conditions definitely aren’t anything to be sorry about.” Wei Chen firmly said.

“Thanks.” Chen Guo smiled. Her impression of Wei Chen continued to improve.

Wei Chen circled around the place two times. He clearly didn’t have any problems with the living conditions. After walking around, he started talking about the announcement by Excellent Era today.

“I really don’t know what they’re planning.” Ye Xiu said helplessly.

“Excellent Era is right there. Why can’t you just go over and ask them?” Wei Chen was very unsatisfied.

“Do you think that’s even possible?” Ye Xiu said.

“Even if you had a falling out with Excellent Era, there are so many people in the Club. You don’t even have a single friend you can ask? What about that beautiful partner of yours? Did you also have a falling out with her?” Wei Chen said.

Wei Chen was obviously talking about Su Mucheng, but by the time Su Mucheng had entered the scene, Wei Chen had already retired, so his understanding of Su Mucheng was only at a normal spectator’s level. A normal spectator just knew that Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng had been good partners with each other for several year, but this description was towards their performance on stage. As for their private relationship, they could only listen to gossip and guess. No one had any concrete proof.

When Wei Chen spoke about her, Chen Guo responded. She obviously knew that Su Mucheng and Ye Xiu didn’t have any problems with each other, so she also looked at Ye Xiu.

“That isn’t too convenient, is it?” Ye Xiu said.

“Why not?” Wei Chen asked.

“She’s still a pro player under Excellent Era’s banner.” Ye Xiu said.

“Hm?” Wei Chen sounded surprised, “You really are good partners! It seems like your relationship with each other is very good to make even someone as shameless as you to care. You don’t want her to be stuck between the two sides, right?”

Chen Guo listened and immediately understood. It was very convenient for Su Mucheng to spy on Excellent Era, but why didn’t Ye Xiu ask her? It wasn’t that Ye Xiu didn’t think about it. He didn’t want her to get mixed up in this mess. After all, Su Mucheng was still a member of Excellent Era. If she blurted out the team’s secrets, it would very unprofessional.

“So it’s like that……” After Wei Chen thought about it for a bit, he suddenly had an idea: “How about you let me use your QQ account? I’ll go ask and then you can just pretend that you got hacked. How about it?”

“......’ Ye Xiu didn’t answer. He just looked expressionlessly at Wei Chen.

“Hm? No good? Too bad. You have such an amazing resource and you’re not even using it. What a pity. In order to reach our goal, we have to be ruthless and win through any means necessary, but you’ve got so many emotions. I look down on you. I have to. Where’s my room?”

“You can pick any one you like upstairs!” Ye Xiu acted like he didn’t hear Wei Chen’s previous rant and answered his question.

“I’ll put my stuff down before I continuing to look down on you.” Wei Chen picked up his luggage.

“I’m in room one upstairs. Do you want to be my roommate?!” Steamed Bun yelled loudly.

“Are there any open rooms available?” Wei Chen asked.

“Yes. Steamed Bun is living in room one. Every other room is empty.” Chen Guo replied.

“Then I’ll pick a room for myself for now…..” Wei Chen said. He didn’t go into Steamed Bun’s room and put his luggage down in room two. He didn’t plan on immediately unpacking though. He threw his luggage in and then came back downstairs. He still wanted to talk to Ye Xiu.

“You should at least have some guess as to what Excellent Era is planning, right?” Wei Chen impatiently asked.

“Uh, with my understanding of Excellent Era’s current team members, Excellent Era really has planned to get relegated. However, it’s not necessarily intentional. It really might be because they have no other choice. Today, they announced Sun Xiang was sick in order to find an excuse for getting relegated. If they didn’t have to, I’m sure they wouldn’t get relegated.” Ye Xiu said.

“With Excellent Era’s foundation, how can they not even have confidence in staying in the Professional League?” Wei Chen didn’t understand.

“Their morale is gone. It’s not easy for the team! Excellent Era’s problem isn’t with their skill, but rather with their mentality.” Ye Xiu said.

“Mentality?” Wei Chen said.

“They don’t want to be the one to blame…..” Ye Xiu sighed.

“Why does that sound so lowly of them?” Wei Chen was dumbstruck.

“Excellent Era’s players have gotten in a conflict with me in the game before. They ended up getting wiped .” Ye Xiu said.

“What do you mean by Excellent Era’s players? Their starting roster?” Wei Chen was astonished.

“Pretty much!” Ye Xiu said.

“You’re joking. How did you do that?!” Wei Chen didn’t believe him.

“I had the advantage in numbers.” Ye Xiu said.

“How many more?”

“Two.” Ye Xiu said.

“Those weren’t normal players were they?” Wei Chen said.

“They were players from Heavenly Justice. They’re the current members of the future Team Heavenly Swords.” Ye Xiu said.

“Then their skill should be pretty good, right?” Wei Chen said.

“They’re okay.”

“But to wipe out a pro team like Excellent Era. Isn’t that too much…..” Wei Chen said.

“I agree.” Ye Xiu nodded his head.

“Couldn’t you be a little more f*cking modest? Just a little bit?” Wei Chen said.

“I’m just telling the truth. Didn’t you also say that you find it inconceivable?” Ye Xiu said.

“I find your inability to be modest inconceivable.” Wei Chen said.

“You’re joking! With how unscrupulous you are, how could you possibly find anything inconceivable?” Ye Xiu said.

“Ahem!” Chen Guo coughed: “Are you two practicing your trash talking?”

The two glared at each other.

“I’m warning you not to run away from the subject!” Wei Chen said in a serious voice like he was the team captain.

“I said what I needed to say.” Ye Xiu said.

“Oh, if it’s just that, then you might affect the mentality of those Excellent Era members for a bit of time, but a single loss shouldn’t make the entire team depressed for so long. That doesn’t seem like the type of drive a pro player should have.” Wei Chen said.

Ye Xiu nodded his head.

“Maybe we should look at their recordings and analyze their performances.” Wei Chen said.

“We should.” Ye Xiu said.

“Are there any computers here? Is there wifi?” Wei Chen looked around.

‘Not yet……” Chen Guo said. She had only just gotten the apartment yesterday, so she wasn’t done setting everything up.

“Then let’s go back to the Internet Cafe?” Wei Chen asked.

“Sure!” Ye Xiu got up.

The other three followed them. They were pretty much just listening to their conversation. Towards the pro scene, even though Wei Chen had retired for so long, he was still much better than the other three. No matter how skilled Tang Rou and Steamed Bun were, in terms of their ability to analyze issues, they couldn’t compare to these two experienced pros.

They left the apartment and returned to the Internet Cafe. Room 213 was a four person room, but now they had five people. There weren’t enough computers. Fortunately, they were just watching a recording, so they only needed one computer.

Ye Xiu opened up the VOD folder on his computer. All of the videos lined up made Wei Chen comment: “Not bad, not bad. It seems like you’ve been doing your homework.”

“Let’s watch this match. This is the fight we had in game. It was from here that Excellent Era’s performance started to decline.” Ye Xiu said.

“Okay.” Wei Chen nodded. These two leaned forward in front of the computer. Chen Guo and Tang Rou looked at each other. They felt like they had become outsiders. Steamed Bun didn’t seem to have any thoughts. He just squeezed behind them and watched the video very seriously.

“Comrades, we need to study this carefully! If Excellent Era really gets relegated, they’ll be our strongest opponents in the Challenger League. We have to use this time wisely and understand our opponent. Now, the former God, former captain of Excellent Era, and the most shameless person in all of Glory, Ye….. Xiu will be analyzing this match for everyone.” Wei Chen said.

Even though his words didn’t say much, Chen Guo suddenly realized that from this moment onwards, their team would truly begin operating.

Rate Translation Quality
 
 
56
Table of Contents
Volume 1
1
The Banished Battle God
2
Area 3 Number 47
3
Special Duty: Night Shift
4
Mysterious Expert
5
Skill Match
6
Thousand Chance Umbrella
7
Midnight Phantom Cat
8
A Life and Death Struggle
9
Ye Xiu’s Two Hands
10
Shameless Novice
11
Missing a Person? Add Me!
12
Spider Cave (1)
13
Spider Cave (2)
14
Spider Cave (3)
15
Spider Cave (4)
16
Emperor (1)
17
Emperor (2)
18
Emperor (3)
19
Emperor (4)
20
Emperor (5)
21
The Day’s Already Bright Again
22
Ye Qiu’s Retirement (1)
23
Ye Qiu’s Retirement (2)
24
Dungeon Record
25
Did You Hear What I Said?
26
Forgot to Look at a Guide
27
The Guide Says 24 Times
28
Professional Level
29
First Clear Team
30
Two Hidden BOSS Clears
31
This Is A Talent
32
Haggling
33
He’s Here to Make a Fool of Himself, Right?
34
Some More Damage
35
One Wave Rush (1)
36
One Wave Rush (2)
37
One Wave Rush (3)
38
What’s Damage
39
Frost Thain
40
New Record
41
A Simple Leave
42
A Good That Could Be Bought
43
Don’t Need A Cleric
44
Different Fees
45
Original Strategy
46
Easy Glory
47
I’m Playing Unspecialized
48
Countless Variations
49
You Really Don’t Know How to Play
50
Again!
51
The Weapon That Couldn’t Be Hidden
52
Picking a Class
53
Battle Mage
54
Show Me
55
Surpassing the Guide
56
Leveling Isn’t Easy
57
Boneyard
58
Kill Stealing
59
Are You Playing With A Child?
60
Wild Boss
61
Hunting Yagg (1)
62
Hunting Yagg (2)
63
Hunting Yagg (3)
64
Hunting Yagg (4)
65
Hunting Yagg (5)
66
Undead Legion
67
Speed Up
68
Blood Gunner First Kill
69
Keep Chasing And I Won’t Be So Nice Anymore
70
Copy Upgrade
71
Weapons and Skills
72
Taking Advantage of Everyone
73
Sand Toss
74
Understanding Information
75
Losing the Fight for the Monster
76
Controlling the BOSS’s Move Path
77
Directly Flying Over
78
Forced Into Helplessness
79
Changing Spring
80
A Guild Leader’s Troubles
81
A Blessing or a Curse
82
A Swift Dungeon Record
83
Almost the Limit
84
Manpower Needed
85
Steamed Bun Invasion
86
Teaching the Noob
87
I Feel Like None of You Slept
88
Glory League
89
Home Advantage
90
The Footprints are a Trap
Volume 2
91
Excellent Era’s Trump Card
92
1v3
93
That Wasn’t An Intentional Loss
94
Dropping the Ball at a Crucial Moment
95
Unexpected Guests
96
Because You Made Mistakes
97
Stupid Noob
98
Teaching Like Crazy
99
Endurance Limit
100
I Only Want to Play a Small Role
101
Three Days
102
All Around Upgrade
103
There Really is a Gap
104
Godly Skill Delivery Gun
105
A Staggering Blow
106
What Exactly Is He Trying to Do?
107
Testing Staff
108
Hateful Sword
109
A Directed Act
110
Waiting and Seeing
111
Two Types of Coordination
112
Perfect Coordination
113
Casually Dungeoning
114
Control Over Records
115
Going All Out
116
An All
117
Specially Substituting In
118
Mid-Air Coordination
119
I Forgot
120
Who Taught You How to Play?
121
Godly Skill
122
Liu Hao the Helper
123
Talking to Himself
124
The Crudest Style
125
God Jiexi
126
What Exactly is He Trying to Do?
127
Five Characters
128
Rookie
129
Vanishing Step
130
The Opponent Is Extremely Strong
131
Cover Strategy
132
Team Wiped Out
133
Measuring Skill
134
Tour Group
135
What Unspecialized Means
136
True Unspecialized
137
Encirclement
138
Logout Escape
139
Who’s the Training Partner?
140
Find Me Next Door
141
Wreck and Then Get Wrecked
142
Magician
143
Unexpected Discovery
144
Back and Forth
145
A Bit of Courage is Needed
146
Too Smart
147
Difficult Decision
148
Four Scarlet Moon Parts
149
Bidding War
150
So Nervous He Became a Noob
151
Burning with Anxiety
152
The Bystander Becomes the Deciding Role
153
Exchange Market
154
Where’d These Materials Come From?
155
Overlapping Tracking
156
Power of an Encirclement
157
Running Test
158
He Really is an Expert at KSing
159
Furry Guest
160
Suppressed
161
It Isn’t Easy Being an Expert
162
Half the Screen
163
Shot At Even When Lying Down
164
Asking For Help Separately
165
Record Kidnappping
166
I Get a Little Lonely Sometimes Too
167
Taking Back the Record
168
Fire Witch Cashew
169
Skill Interrupt
170
Fire Witch First Kill
171
If I Can Kill It, Why Can’t I Kill It?
172
A Well
173
He’s No Good For Dungeoning
174
Challenge Ignored
175
Three Chances Waiting For You
176
Problems in the Details
177
Dual Linking Ghost Boundaries
178
Their Wishes Finally Came True
179
A Chance for a Comeback
180
The Fastest Launcher
181
In a Flash
182
Consultation
183
Blue Rain Team Captain
184
That’s a Strength Too?
185
It’s Unfortunate That His Hands Are Handicapped
186
An Unspecialized Character’s False Combos
187
Can’t Find a Chance
188
Difficult to Say
189
Illusion Swordmaster Ahong
190
The BOSS’s Shadow Steps
191
I’m In a Hurry
192
Items Lead to Thinking
193
Idiot’s Guide
194
A Not So Simple New Player
195
Pursuit From Every Direction
196
Temporary Alliance
197
Opposite Direction
198
A Bro at the Bottom of a Well
199
The Escape Member: Concealed Light
200
PKPKPKPKPKPK
201
The Trash’s End
202
Experiencing It Personally
203
Finally, Some Strategy
204
Bullying Cloth
205
You’ve Been Surrounded
206
Tyrannical Class
207
Your Guides
208
Summoner
209
Whoever Kills the Fewest is the Loser
210
A Beautiful Misunderstanding
211
The Waves Behind Drive the Waves Ahead
212
Doing Their Own Thing
213
A Match In Which the Outcome Is Already Known
214
Limited Practice
215
Tooth for Tooth
216
Even If We’re Killed, We Won’t Tell Anyone
217
Void and Hundred Blossoms
218
Crowd Lover Sword Boundary!
219
PvP Is Even Scarier
220
Screen Cannon
221
Forceful Control
222
Searching for Tracks
223
Wild BOSS Discovered
224
False Report
225
A Separating Wall
226
Wait Until the Arrow is at the End of its Flight
227
The Greatest DPS “LORD GRIM!!”
228
Forming a Party with the BOSS
229
In the Blink of an Eye
230
A Bit Early Today
231
Looking for Help
232
A Precise Position
233
Sacred Fire
234
Two Traps
235
Bet
236
Assumptive Guides
237
The Members Aren’t Together
238
Randomly Chosen
239
First Target
240
All
241
The Joke’s Gone Too Far
242
My Mistake
243
Rescuing Steamed Bun
244
Destroying Their Confidence
245
A Hidden Agenda
246
Seems Like We Don’t Need To
247
Keyboard and Mouse
248
Guidance
249
Leave It To Nature
250
The Situation Isn’t Clear
251
Dismantle
252
Strike First
253
To Retreat By Advancing
254
By Proxy
255
What Does He Gain?
256
The Purpose of a Game
257
Appropriate Handling
258
Guide Easter Egg
259
Misty Rain
260
Returning to Desolate Land
261
You Have to Love the Game!
262
Dungeon Tollbooth
263
Christmas Event
264
Luck Is Very Important
265
Sin City
266
Escaping Outside of the Aggro Range
267
Christmas Hunting Leaderboards
268
Deviously Stealing Monsters
269
It’s Not That Simple
270
Battle Spirit
271
Seventh Stage Battle Spirit
272
Ups and Downs
273
A Measure of an Expert’s Skill
274
Fight to the End
275
There Must Not Be Losses on the Leaderboard
276
The Web’s Lord Grim
277
Spinning Spiderweb Formation
278
Break the Formation! The Guest Acts as the Host
279
I Can Persuade Them!
280
Gathering a Mob!
281
Confusion
282
Dark
283
To Live High and Look Down
284
There’s Still Hope
285
We Can’t Let It Go To Waste
286
Harming Others for One’s Personal Gain
287
Collaboration
288
Powerful MT
289
A Night Without Sleep
290
Persistence Will Pay Off
291
Crazy Rewards
292
The Aftermath
293
Lance Form! Level 35
294
Creating a Blade
295
Word Battle
296
Can I Buy Out?
297
I Once Had a Guide
298
Research is the Key to Efficiency
299
Big Sale
300
Three Tickets
301
The Show Begins
302
Rookie Challenge Competition
303
Intentional
304
Shouldering the Future of Tiny Herb
305
Exceeding Everyone’s Expectations
306
Hopelessly Worried
307
Dazzling Stage
308
Opportunity Goes to Those Who Are Prepared
309
The Junior Succeeds the Senior
310
A Conclusion
311
The Foreshadowed Climax
312
You’re Still Too Green
313
News Conference
314
I Wouldn’t Get Tired Even After Another Ten Years
315
Event Day 2
316
Hurdles
317
The Second Event
318
Meeting an Idol
319
Harming Others for One’s Personal Gain
320
Helping Each Other
321
After the Fireworks
322
Secret Operation
323
Noob Strategy
324
Desire for Victory
325
It’s a Mess. A Complete Mess.
326
Refusing to Give Up
327
A True Expert
328
Unable to Fight Back
329
Dragon Raising Its Head
330
Quiet Withdrawal
331
As If Nothing Happened
332
Embarrassing Past
333
A Sleepless Night
334
Day Three
335
All Star 24 (1)
336
All Star 24 (2)
337
All Star Competition
338
Know Yourself, Know Your Enemy
339
Each Side With Their Own Shortcomings
340
The Gods Erupt
341
Ferocious Tiger Flurry
342
The Violent Ladies
343
Satisfying Conclusion
344
Chen Guo’s Determination
345
The First Step in Development
346
Beaten Black and Blue
347
Guild Created
348
New Players
349
Rapid Growth
350
High
351
A Haze of Doubts and Suspicions
352
Each With Their Own Motives
353
Even If You Want to Die, You Can’t
354
Firm Decision
355
Who’s Leaving? Who’s Staying?
356
Thanks for the Help
357
A Lone Log Can’t Prop Up a Tottering Building
358
Getting Straight to the Point
359
Babysitter Blue River
360
Steady Development
361
Lacking Characters
362
There’s Still One More Trick
363
One More
364
Next Stage
365
No Friends to the Left or to the Right
366
Waiting for the Ambush
367
Waves
368
Massacre by Drowning
369
Trapped
370
A Bit Too Few
371
No Results
372
Another Team Wiped Out
373
Blue River’s Analysis
374
Watching a Fire From the Other Side of the Shore
375
Cede Territory or Pay Reparations?
376
Too Careless
377
One After Another
378
Separate Attacks
379
Two Types of Intimidation
380
Key
381
Remote Control
382
One Battle After Another
383
Take Advantage of the Opportunity
384
Even Sitting Idle is Scary
385
Taking Advantage of the Situation
386
Exploit
387
Still Running!
388
To Move a Stone and Stub One’s Foot
389
Three Choices
390
Accept Surrender
391
The Breeze is Still, the Waves are Calm
392
What’s So Good About Excellent Era?
393
Absent Minded
394
Cross Swords
395
A Dangerous Balance
396
Winner
397
Words That Hadn’t Been Seen in a Long Time
398
Too Silent
399
The Coming of the Spring Festival
400
I’m Ye Qiu
401
Temporary Guest
402
Experience Life
403
Happy New Year
404
Ye Qiu Leaves
405
A Peaceful Spring Festival Event
406
New Year’s Eve
407
Spring Festival Long Vacation
408
Su Mucheng’s Transformation
409
Excellent Era Is Just That
410
Heavenly Domain Challenge, Start!
411
A True God
412
Team Secret
413
Spectator
414
Everyone Blanked Out
415
Sensation
416
Against the Great Hero
417
The Level 50 Conflict
418
Entering the Heavenly Domain
419
It’s Not That Simple
420
I’m His Boss
421
Deceptively Powerful Enemy
422
Stay and Fight
423
Who Do You Think I Am
424
The Mysterious Chasing Haze
425
A Difficult Start
426
To Lose Money Instead of Being Paid
427
Too Afraid to Rush In Recklessly
428
Sweeping the Field
429
Meeting the Challenge
430
Overwhelming Victory
431
Pry
432
The Experts Behind the Scenes
433
If I May Be So Bold to Ask a Favor
434
Disappearing Characters
435
Whoever Moves First Loses
436
A Wall That Can’t Be Avoided
437
What Class Would You Like to Play First?
438
The Opponent Is Too Strong
439
A Strong Alliance
440
Team Feature
441
Flood
442
Poor Loulan Slash
443
A Berserk 20 Seconds
444
Round Robin
445
The Real Deal
446
Dying Brain Cells
447
Unspecialized Combo
448
Can You Hear Me?
449
Each With Their Own Thoughts
450
Diligence
451
The Mystery Man
452
Counterattack with the Truth
453
Unable to Speak
454
To Make a Big Fuss Over Nothing
455
Scrap Picker
456
Not a Bad Hiding Place
457
Professional Scrap Picking
458
Maximum Precision
459
Mistakes
460
High End Setting
461
A Traumatic Experience
462
To Catch a Band of Thieves, Catch the Leader First
463
Chapter 463
464
Deception
465
Pursuit
466
Unconventional Methods
467
This is an Opportunity
468
I Can’t Stand Being Ignored
469
A Way Out
470
Scrap Picking and Playing with Lives
471
Each to One Side
472
Ninjutsu · Disappearing Body Technique
473
Difficult to Find Escape Route
474
Ninjutsu
475
What Enmity Do You Have with Launchers?
476
Chen Guo’s Resentment
477
Gap
478
A Good Lesson
479
Self Defense Counter
480
One Minute of Retaliation
481
Another Encounter with Golden Fragrance
482
Armor
483
Is There Space Here?
484
Formation
485
Attack Like Fire
486
No One Escapes
487
What’s the Situation
488
Lure the Enemy in Deep
489
The Enemy Closes In, While We Back Out
490
Team Excellent Era
491
Strong Enemies!
492
Sun Xiang’s Dragon Raising Its Head
493
Valuable Reverse Teaching
494
Sneak Attack Cover Up
495
Ambush
496
Bullying
497
Many Bullying the Few
498
Useless Skill
499
Opportunity Knocks But Once
500
Glory Doesn’t Suit You
501
Self Sacrifice
502
Bounty
503
Collaborator
504
Unending News
505
To Relegations
506
Xiaoqiang Productions
507
Leave It Alone
508
Out of Expectations
509
I Don’t Want Any of That
510
Ambushed Online
511
Expert Commander
512
Old God
513
There’s Someone Behind You
514
You Were Already Prepared!
515
This is an Ultimate
516
In Close Pursuit
517
Death's Hand
518
Old Wei
519
A Reason for You
520
Qualification Tournament
521
Where Dreams Start
522
Managing the Guild Storage
523
True Goal
524
Complete Chaos
525
Can’t Hold the Boss
526
Killing Amidst the Chaos
527
Treasure
528
Beginning to Take Shape
529
Spies’ Contributions
530
Level 50 Thousand Chance Umbrella
531
What Are We Here For?
532
A Peaceful Way
533
If There Aren’t Any Opportunities, Create Your Own
534
Venomous Flies
535
Fierce Mantis
536
Nobody Move!
537
Lurkers
538
Who Killed Me?
539
Conclusion to the Hunt
540
Extortion
541
Guarded Secret
542
Follow Up
543
Spies
544
Third Follow Up
545
Rescue
546
Breakout
547
The Wealthy are Aggressive and Powerful
548
Unrivalled Super Hottie
549
I’m a Tank
550
You Can Just Be a Leecher
551
Proof of Strength
552
Controlling Aggro Through Damage
553
Damage Output Competition
554
Bone Dragon Aldton
555
Knight’s Spirit
556
Sacrificial Roar
557
The Arrogant Youth Whose Face Was Slapped
558
Test
559
Tyrannical Ambition’s Four Branches
560
One Hundred Player Dungeon Team
561
I Forgot
562
Gather Around the Tank
563
Bro, Slow Down
564
Hold It Steady!
565
A Tank That Makes Others Embarrassed
566
I Won’t Let You Test Your Luck
567
Aquatic Battle? I Know About It
568
This Is a Strong Tank
569
The Final Boss’s Three Iron Shovels
570
Sworn Enemy
571
Dungeon Clear or Wipe Out?
572
Who is this Person?
573
Natural Knight
574
2v2
575
Rough Coordination
576
Tree Trunk PvP
577
 Replicating Victory
578
The People from Tyrannical Ambition
579
Starting at the Top
580
On Equal Footing
581
Pleased Knights
582
Under Attack
583
Flashy But Ineffective
584
Creating an Environment
585
Starting Place
586
Provoke Relay
587
Honest Maelstrom Counterattack
588
Crusader’s Trial
589
Retreat in Defeat
590
The Hidden Agenda 
591
Laboring for the Guild
592
Sharing the Labor
593
Time Decides Aggro
594
The Lost Initiative
595
Rush Upwards Just Like This
596
The Sneaky Cleric
597
I’ll Be Leaving First Because I’ve Got Stuff to Do 
598
The Heart of a Champion
599
Proceed With Care
600
First Contact
601
Many Questions
602
There’s Always Something That’ll Work
603
Team Group Chat
604
The Starting Six
605
Times Have Changed
606
Gathering
607
A Special Day
608
An Unimaginable Matter
609
Unexpectedly Here
610
Wei Chen Arrives
611
True Beginning
612
Lose the battle, but win the war
613
Teammate
614
Comparing Notes
615
Qingming Festival
616
Su Muqiu
617
Let’s Work Hard Together Everyone
618
Practice Room
619
Do You Have a Clear Conscience?
620
Excellent Era Relegated
621
Pressure on Team Happy
622
The Boss’s Support
623
Fundamental Doctrine
624
The Pinnacle of Research
625
Worry
626
The Character with the Most Skill Points
627
Assembly Line
628
Correct Line of Thinking
629
Why Should I?
630
New Goal
631
Visiting Samsara
632
One Man Team
633
Deadlock
634
Final Test
635
20 Million
636
Final Resolution
637
A Large Sum of Money
638
Guarding Against the Unexpected
639
Playoffs
640
You Can See That Too!
641
Times Have Changed
642
Top Four
643
The Standard Way
644
Finals
645
Excessive Improvement
646
Let’s Steal a Boss
647
Are you seeking your own death?
648
Boss Spawn
649
The Day Before the Finals
650
Doing Two Things at Once
651
Samsara’s Teamwork
652
Team Blue Rain’s Tactics
653
The Limit of Limits
654
Trump Card versus Trump Card
655
Trade
656
At All Costs
657
The People’s War
658
The Battle at Darkness Palace
659
Who is robbing whom?
660
Be Wary of Leaving Combat
661
Hasty Escape
662
The Heart of Shadow Dance
663
Don’t Let Him Escape
664
A Bit of an Ass-Kisser
665
Insufficient Equipment
666
Ineffective High Level Skills
667
Talking While Fighting
668
Revival Point
669
Three Tasks
670
A New Beginning
671
The Proper Way to Steal Bosses
672
The Calmness of a Weak Team
673
It’s All a Misunderstanding
674
This Situation Isn’t Right!
675
Let's Cooperate!
676
Dagger Team
677
Just Kill More
678
Crimson Scene
679
It’s Just a Level 60 Wild Boss
680
Actual Helpers
681
A Day of Harvest
682
Dispatching Troops
683
Crushed
684
Champions
685
Commemoration
686
Happy While Suffering
687
Scrap Pick Transporter
688
Coming and Going
689
Here to Ambush
690
Do You Have Any Willpower?
691
That’s Not How You Scrap Pick
692
Did I Scare You Guys?
693
Award Ceremony
694
First Summer Transfer
695
Four Person Representative Group
696
Guild Feature
697
Best Rookie
698
Arrival
699
Revive Him in a Bit
700
Concentrate
701
Elementalist Charge
702
Just This Guild?
703
Support
704
Unafraid Against Ten
705
So Many High-Leveled Skills
706
Come Again
707
Unrelated Boss
708
Angel Wings
709
A Small Difference
710
Please Sir, Get Into the Boiling Pot
711
All Forces Annihilated
712
Worries of the Alliance
713
Excellent Era Card Shuffle
714
Trade
715
You’re in Luck
716
Xiao Shiqin’s Arrival  
717
Some Happy Some Worried
718
The Golden Generation
719
A Visit
720
The Drunkard’s Heart Isn’t in the Cup
721
Hi
722
Previously Invisible
723
Upgrades in the Later Stages
724
Perfect Upgrade
725
Two Bosses Spawned Simultaneously
726
Team Blue Rain’s New Talent
727
Ambushed
728
Really Troublesome
729
High Level Confrontation
730
Blue River’s Suicide Squad
731
The Intention Isn’t to Break Through
732
A God’s Way of Fighting
733
More Damage
734
Triggering An Enraged Boss
735
He’s Back
736
Human Bomb
737
Finding Enemy Intelligence
738
Myriad Manifestations Umbrella, Upgrade Complete!
739
Give Us a Hand
740
First Come First Serve
741
Assault from Two Paths
742
Left Path, Right Path
743
Complete Defense
744
Three Opponents
745
The Difference in Treatment
746
Punish You Out of Battle
747
Huge Success
748
Information Isn’t Easy to Get
749
All Inclusive
750
To Be The Champion
751
New Soldier Lin Jingyan
752
Record Breaking Transfer
753
Try Hard and Struggle
754
Team Blue Rain’s Important "Transfer"
755
Incredible Newcomer
756
A Fierce Youth
757
Ace Player Sub Seventh Person
758
The Inconceivable Transfer
759
A Discouraging Day for Team Hundred Blossoms
760
Core Position
761
Some Stay, Some Leave
762
Revenge
763
Actually Collusion
764
Still Not Interested
765
Nothing to Do
766
Student Luo Ji
767
Gathering (1)
768
Gathering (2)
769
Inventory
770
Training Program
771
Official Registration
772
Repeat Names
773
Paying Respects
774
No One Understands
775
Why We Compete
776
Unable to Be Serious
777
Direct Challenge
778
An Incomprehensible Event
779
Who’s Going Up to Slap Their Face?
780
Search search search for an expert!
781
Chapter 781 - Easy Bro
782
Losing face alone isn’t as good as everyone losing face
783
Not on the Same Level
784
New Heights
785
Not Ye Qiu
786
A Dull Conclusion
787
Going Full Circle
788
Excellent Era’s Trainees
789
An Opportunity Bestowed by the Heavens
790
Narrow Minded
791
Pressure
792
Thinking Too Much
793
A Player Switch
794
Another Player Switch
795
Enduring Faith
796
Battle Mage Duel
797
Coaching Match
798
Defeat After Defeat
799
Nonsense
800
Not Easy to Report
801
A New Season
802
Challenger League Round 1
803
Opening Match
804
Endless Topics
805
A Little Frivolous
806
Equipment Finalized
807
Team Everlasting
808
The Feeling of Superiority of a Pro Team
809
Riverside Veranda
810
One Hit One Kill
811
Character Advantage
812
Map Choice Joke
813
Air of a Professional
814
Team Everlasting's Ace
815
The Careful He An
816
Too Naive
817
Never Before Seen Combo
818
Red Blood!
819
Low Morale
820
They’re Actually in the Lead?
821
Terrain Features
822
Help Needed
823
Backup Ploy
824
Are They That Strong?
825
City H Interview Station
826
Interviewing Happy
827
All Rather Impressive
828
I Once Had a Friend
829
This is Enough
830
Temporarily Not Publishing
831
Rookie’s Block
832
The Alliance in Chaos
833
Control
834
Training
835
Helpless
836
Still Need to Practice
837
Having the Upper Hand
838
Apologies are Unnecessary
839
To Show the Wolf Into the House
840
Lord Grim’s Flaw
841
Mana Consumption
842
Almost Out of Mana
843
Equipment Change Counterattack
844
Finally in the Papers
845
A 1.4 Unit of Difference In Cast Range
846
Taking Advantage of Someone’s Misfortune
847
Also Having Much to Offer
848
No Inquiries
849
A Straight Forward Collaboration
850
Do You Want To Leave Glory
851
Good Luck
852
Let’s Grow Stronger Together
853
To Do More Than What’s Required
854
Two and a Half Months
855
Heavy News
856
Meeting Change
857
Charging Up
858
Sealed Mountain Thieves Hideout
859
Aggro Chain
860
Vanguard Brother Wolf
861
Clear Calculation
862
First Kill!
863
DPS Chart
864
Defense Commander Sand Leopard
865
Tactician Snow Eagle
866
After the Ambushes
867
Isolation
868
Combo Kill
869
Chief Sealed Mountain Tiger
870
Combine
871
First Kill Rewards (1)
872
First Kill Rewards (2)
873
Sullen Kitten
874
Only Two First Clears
875
Studying DPS
876
Problem Found
877
20 Player Dungeon, If You’re In, Press 1
878
20 Player Dungeon, Start
879
Teamwork
880
Slowly
881
Self-Taught
882
Twenty Player Dungeon Rewards
883
First Kill Conclusion
884
Return Day
885
Mental Burden
886
One Step Closer
887
Guide
888
Sweep Away
889
Cannot Endure
890
Where the Crucial Point Lies
891
Unceasing Mischief
892
It Doesn’t Need to Be Like This
893
Little Thing
894
New Opportunity
895
A Night of Observation
896
Two-Player Teams
897
Can’t Hear, the Wind’s Too Strong
898
Stocking Robbery
899
Strike Back When the Time Is Right
900
Grand Slam
901
Stockings Per Player Rankings
902
There’s Still a Third Round
903
Your Time’s Already Over
904
A Chance Encounter
905
It’s Easier Like This
906
There’s a Ditch in the Snow
907
Ditch Kill
908
Watch from a distance a fight between tigers
909
Mechanical Seeker
910
Now I Can Be At Ease
911
Very Bold
912
No Hurry to Run Away
913
To Chase or To Not Chase
914
I'm a Cicada, You're a Shell
915
An Expert
916
Ambush
917
Finished
918
Challenger League Ninth Round
919
Distance
920
A New Branch of All Stars
921
Four New Faces
922
Changed Beyond Recognition
923
Liu Xiaobie’s Goal
924
Listless
925
There’s No Next Time
926
The Five Members of Heavenly Swords
927
Heavenly Sword’s Bad Friend
928
Not An Easy Opponent
929
Wild Exchange of Skills
930
Calculating is Useless
931
The Injured God
932
For Victory
933
Cocktail Party
934
Hand Speed
935
Could I Trouble You
936
Finisher
937
As Long As You’re Happy
938
Offline Matches
939
Drawing Lots
940
Another Year
941
Equipment Competition
942
Royal Style’s Tian Sen
943
Just Off By One Strike
944
Training
945
A Bit Brutal
946
Take This Seriously
947
Free-for-all Brawl
948
I Want to be the Core
949
Blossoms and Blood
950
Blossoms and Blood Reappear
951
Chance
952
A Confusing Chaotic Situation
953
Knowing When to Stop
954
An Explosive Increase in Mistakes
955
Let’s Talk
956
Discussing the Details
957
League Influence
958
Proactive Preparation
959
Everything Ready
960
Special Treatment
961
Team Reporter
962
Real and Fake Identity
963
Let’s Make the Storm Even More Violent
964
To Seize an Opportunity
965
Controversy
966
On Stage for the First Time  
967
Setback
968
Problem
969
Mysterious Fantasy’s Coach
970
Desperate Times
971
God Setting Out
972
Extreme Contrast
973
A Scrap Picker’s Talents
974
Forced Into Helplessness
975
Gun Fu
976
Steamed Bun’s Vanishing Step
977
Main Target
978
Flimsy Tactics
979
The Greatest Weakness
980
New Competitive Format
981
New Stage and Final Stage
982
Team Jade Dynasty’s Consistency
983
Happy’s Fanclub
984
Jade Dynasty’s Boss
985
Hidden Strength
986
Crucial Point
987
Whose Mistake Was It
988
Ghost Feast
989
The Cautious Qiao Yifan
990
Remaining Mana
991
The Older the Wiser
992
Victory Boos
993
Deciding Match
994
Now He's Dead
995
Life Isn’t Fiction
996
Deliberate Provocation
997
Excellent Era’s Exclusive Interview
998
A Storm is Coming
999
Warm Up
1000
A 3v1 Arrangement
1001
Don’t Underestimate Your Opponent
1002
Night-Blooming Cereus
1003
Glory Really is Hard
1004
Ninja and Mechanic
1005
Missing the Crucial Opportunity
1006
Reverse Psychology
1007
Details
1008
Focused Playstyle
1009
A True Mechanic
1010
Excellent Era’s Rookie
1011
A Confrontation Separated by a Year
1012
New Skill
1013
One More Hit
1014
Can’t Tell
1015
All Out
1016
You’re Too Hard to Predict
1017
Not That Careless
1018
At a Standstill
1019
Wound
1020
Not Like This
1021
Overturning the Sky
1022
Rolling Meat
1023
The Classic 0.03% Kill
1024
That Also Counts as a 1v3?
1025
Unexpected
1026
Meeting Force with Force
1027
Seize the Competition
1028
It Ends Here
1029
Starting Lineup
1030
A Childish Annoyance?
1031
What Kind of Opponent!
1032
Attempted Exchange
1033
Heading for Tiger-Borne Mountains
1034
1v2
1035
Cut Off From the Team
1036
Bypass
1037
Unrescuable
1038
Emergency Substitution
1039
Shadow Play
1040
This Again
1041
A Familiar Scene
1042
Box Tactics
1043
Regarded as Helpless Grass
1044
The Last Drop of Blood
1045
Interlinked
1046
Steamed Bun’s Tempo
1047
Disregard All Else
1048
I’ll Leave it to You
1049
Worries of Being at Low Health
1050
The Race to Kill
1051
Never Meant to be Played Alone
1052
We Are The Champions
1053
Reopening a Can of Worms
1054
The Fate of a God
1055
Excellent Era’s Silence
1056
At Least They’re Still With Us
1057
End of the Regular Season
1058
New Team Press Conference
1059
What is Excellent Era
1060
Can’t Understand
Volume 3
1061
I’m Back
1062
Keep Winning Through the Booing
1063
Semifinalists
1064
Bleak and Desolate Excellent Era
1065
Never Come Back Again
1066
Needing To Be Formal
1067
Sponsorships
1068
Ch’ien Tea Green’s Sponsorship
1069
Xia Zhongtian
1070
Off to a Bad Start
1071
Tyranny’s Rookie
1072
God of Healing
1073
Veterans and Rookies
1074
Tyranny’s Tempo
1075
A Samsara You Shouldn’t Underestimate
1076
Samsara’s Weakness
1077
Tyranny in Danger
1078
The Same As Always
1079
Happy, Champions?
1080
Splitting Rewards
1081
The 28,000,000 Transfer
1082
Excellent Era Tagged Transfers
1083
Excellent Era Hasn’t Fallen
1084
Change
1085
The Rookie That Doesn’t Listen
1086
Focus Fire
1087
Misdirect
1088
Disparity
1089
Dragon Spine Marrow
1090
A Summer Not to be Overlooked
1091
Before He Arrives
1092
A Hundred Tricks
1093
Diversion
1094
There’s No Harm in Cooperating
1095
Immortals Fighting
1096
Ghost Parade
1097
Intense Competition
1098
Seaweed Monster
1099
Jumping to Number One
1100
Raised Monsters
1101
Revival Point
1102
Who’s Raising this One?
1103
Who?
1104
Leaderboard Dominance
1105
Comprehensive Textbook
1106
Event Easter Egg
1107
Ghost Lair
1108
Shards of the Ghost King’s Chamber
1109
Two 1v4s
1110
Forcing Demon Subduer
1111
Wind Howl Internal Strife
1112
Conflict Between Ideologies
1113
Sending a Shard
1114
Dangerous Game
1115
What Kind of Line-up Is This?
1116
Duped
1117
Catching Dark Forest
1118
Split Up
1119
Catch Up
1120
Switching Accounts
1121
The Troubled Lin Jingyan
1122
One Man Can Hold the Pass
1123
Brawler and Thief
1124
Weibo War
1125
Confirmation
1126
Boundless Sea
1127
Guan Rongfei’s Experiment
1128
Former Teammate
1129
Many Monks But Not Much Gruel
1130
Candidates
1131
Persuasion
1132
Change Classes and Synchronize Your Rhythm to Our Growth!
1133
Fang Rui’s First Day at Happy
1134
Fang Rui’s Worry
1135
An Entirely New Future
1136
Significant Transfer
1137
Happy the Dark Horse
1138
Keep Our Spots and Become the Champions
1139
Feeling A Little Rusty
1140
First Round
1141
Which Match to Watch?
1142
A Nervous Rookie
1143
An Ordinary Veteran
1144
A Hurried Core
1145
Launcher versus Spitfire (1)
1146
Launcher versus Spitfire (2)
1147
Qi Master versus Assassin (1)
1148
Qi Master versus Assassin (2)
1149
Qi Master versus Assassin (3)
1150
As Blossoms Fade and Fly Across the Sky
1151
Give Me A Buff
1152
Rules
1153
Can’t Back Down Even A Single Step
1154
Group Arena Decider
1155
Breaking Through the Legion of Summons
1156
Team Competition, Get Ready!
1157
From the Front or From the Rear
1158
Pincer
1159
What Shouldn't Be Here
1160
The Rushing Broken River
1161
River’s End
1162
Specious Memories
1163
Get Out!
1164
The Strongest New Team in History
1165
Damage Leaderboard
1166
Point Evaluations
1167
Steamed Bun’s Review
1168
The Best Choice
1169
Third Round
1170
Promise
1171
The New Season’s Tyranny
1172
Happy’s Problem of Coordination
1173
Chapter 1172 - Happy’s Problem of Coordination
1174
Intense Practice
1175
A Casual Greeting
1176
Tyranny Fanclub
1177
Starting to Falter
1178
Scared?
1179
Normal Etiquette
1180
A Positioning Expert
1181
Dumb Method
1182
The Demonic Journey to Championship
1183
Round 5, Round 6
1184
That Familiar Feeling
1185
That Terrible Feeling
1186
An Opponent Thoroughly Understood
1187
Never Happened Before
1188
Carefully Honed Talent
1189
Grinding Out a Win
1190
Ghost Chaining
1191
New Ghostblade Technique
1192
Swift Hand Speed
1193
Imaginary Enemy
1194
What’s Fearsome Is Her Overwhelming Determination
1195
I Don’t Agree
1196
Each Crazier than the Next
1197
The Most Challenging
1198
Consequences
1199
The Observation Period Ends
1200
Team Miracle’s Sacrificial Pawn
1201
Death’s Door Opens Wide
1202
An Ace That Isn’t Cool at All
1203
Familiar Rhythm
1204
The Winery on Wuchuan Path
1205
Fang Rui, Figured Out
1206
The Labor Pains of Class Transition
1207
The Thieving Qi Master
1208
Charging Ninja
1209
The Issue of Communication
1210
Who’s Under Pressure
1211
Title is Spoiler
1212
Strong Performances
1213
The Number One Ninja
1214
A Continuously Updating Record
1215
Observer Wei Chen
1216
Suppression From Map and Skill
1217
Dark Forest Rock Climbing
1218
Voice Chat Rules
1219
All-Star Voting
1220
The Counter to Lord Grim
1221
Title is Spoiler
1222
Lucky Steamed Bun
1223
One Hit Certain Kill
1224
The Old General’s Way of Winning
1225
Void’s Ghost Duo
1226
Darkness and Light
1227
A Loss, But A Spectacular One
1228
The Two Towers
1229
A Risky Move
1230
Team Void’s Launcher
1231
Caution at the End
1232
Round 14 Finished
1233
Round 15
1234
Thunderclap’s Secret Weapon
1235
Calm Individual Rounds
1236
Thunderclap’s Aggressive Offense
1237
Thunderclap’s Focus
1238
Symbol For a Healer
1239
Hoist By Your Own Petard
1240
Bitter But Unable to Complain
1241
Keep Working Hard
1242
Christmas Presents
1243
Art Book Signing
1244
All-Stars
1245
The Fortunate and the Regrettable
1246
The One and Only
1247
Asking the Senior to Advise
1248
There’s No End
1249
Everyone Come at Once
1250
Rookies’ Partnership
1251
Do as Promised
1252
Hot-Blooded Dodgeball